This course does not engage the audience.
The audio in the spoken dialogue examples throughout is consistently terrible and difficult to hear.  Please redo the dialogue examples with better audio equipment.
Cours non conçu pour les débutants; c'est dommage ! dialogues : son mauvaise qu
This course was billed as a course for beginners, but the pacing and the reading skills required were definitely beyond that of a beginner. I would call this a more intermediate course and as a beginner, it was much too challenging for what I needed.
last week's topic is a bit different level compared to the first 4 weeks. But overall this is a fun class!
the teaching was easy to follow, but i wish the tests and quizzes were more expansive and difficult.
I t would have been better without her students repeating the words with an accent after her.
It was pretty good but the explanations were a bit vague and there wasn't enough variation.
In some videos, students speak very quietly and incomprehensibly
Who can read Korean should really learn this course?
Unbelievably difficult for understanding!
Se me ha complicado mucho
Teacher speak fast
That was amazing journey, but why I rated the course with 4 starts instead of 5? 1) To choose foreign students as an assistants to wonderful Sang Mee Han sonsengnim  - good idea for those who aren't comfortable to see first class Korean students with 100% fluent pronunciation - bad idea to those who want to hear fluency to learn how to pronounce words correctly, not... 2) The course is right for people who want to visit Korea in the next month, it's like the lessons were built upon the idea that the visitors have to go the store to buy something, and to go to the restaurants to eat and spend as much money as one person could possibly waste, because they had to use what they had learned. You'll learn only that in this course, in general. What to buy, order. 3) Korea is a high-tech country, and to take the students outside - good idea to see the buildings, nature, and to get some fresh air - bad idea to see how foreign students still misspell very basic words and phrases, and the sound quality is just awful.  And it's like the foreign students have no idea about the tone of such a beautiful language, and it's like they are just saying what they had learned by heart before to record the video. As artists - the same.4) Additional materials are amazing! Thanks for such a great compilation of workbook with what we learned in each lesson. Painful to download and try to find the right lecture materials as the file names are just automatically generated by computer letters and digits. Sure, we could rename each files' name separately by hand - but it has always been easy to download files that ready to go and most importantly - find. P.S. I'm very grateful to watch the lessons from wonderful Sang Mee Han - she is a great person I believe. For the next time, as I hope there will be second course titles as "Learn To Speak Korean 2", there will be native speakers with native pronunciation and with good audio quality recorded with professional artists. Sounds impossible, but Korea such a country that will make it possible.
Excelente para principiantes. Muchas gracias por todo su trabajo, de verdad este curso fue de mucho provecho para mí. Sólo quería sugerir lo siguiente: me parece muy bien que participen estudiantes extranjeros, pero creo sería mejor si en la mayoría de las situaciones participaran más coreanos, de manera que podamos acostumbrar el oído a la pronunciación de los nativos del idioma. Por otra parte, creo que sería muy útil si existieran vídeos adicionales (de corta duración) sobre algunos temas importantes sobre la cultura coreana. De nuevo, ¡muchas gracias!
Very interesting course for learning Korean language. Lessons are well-made and prepared. Main drawback is speaking parts - where foreign students make dialogues. They were too quiet so it was hard to understand and I had to add volume. Also their accents made it harder to distinguish what they said. I suppose inviting Korean students for Speaking and Dialogue parts would be more useful for beginners. All in all, I really liked this course, even-though I'm not a beginner already, it was beneficial to refresh basic skills and knowledge.
Coursera is very helpful to achieve my ''study goals'' in these COVID-19 days all students have hard time.So, learning online is better way without wasting time and i'm very confidence to succsesfully learn Speak Korean 1. This course sort out so many Pronunciation, grammer mistakes.  Now, i am able to better understand the korean language and culture. After i complete this course i realize that Korean Grammer pattern is so easy as compair to English Grammer.
Really great overview of basic conversations in Korean! I'm eagerly waiting for Part 2 (like many others). The integration of new vocabulary, grammar concepts, and course flow was really well done. My one complaint is that I wish the worksheets and quizzes were a little more difficult. But otherwise, I think the course was great! I'd definitely recommend checking out the Quizlet sets one of the mentors put together! That really helped me with vocabulary!
Some parts of the course may be a bit too slow, but I liked that I can speed it up by controlling the speed of the video. However, conversations can be a little too fast to follow.I feel that this is a good supplementary lesson for people who are already taking korean lessons, or already know some basics. By itself, I would think the course materials would be a little hard to follow. The difficulty level is not really for beginners.
I took this course as a refresher and someone who studied Korean in Seoul for several months. I would suggest this course to anyone who has a basic understanding of the grammar and pronunciation rules. I would, however, remind students that this format is not the most conducive to learning a language and I would highly suggest registering only if you have another outlet, such as through meetup or online discussion forums.
Interesting course that is well structured. However, I would have preferred a more in-depth exploration of grammar and an extension with more units. However, when it comes to constructive criticism, the immersion of more native speakers and realistic situations would have more helpful. Using students may inhibit the retention of correct pronunciation.  I look forward to a "Learn to Speak Korean 2" course.   감사합니다!
A lot of useful grammar and vocabulary was introduced in this course. The video lessons give you plenty of speaking practice as well as reading and writing practice. Course could be improved by increasing the difficulty of the workbook and quizzes. They were, in my opinion, too simple and did not fully test whether you understood what was being taught. Other than that, this is a great course!
Good review of basic Korean dialogues.  Handy if you've ever taken a course before, but I mostly used it as a review.  There was a bunch of stuff I had forgotten, but almost nothing new compared to my first semester at Sogang University.  Still, a good course, and I hope they do some more advanced ones.  I would appreciate some speaking assignments on top of the quizzes.
The instructor, Sang Mee Han, was very helpful in teaching us the various vocabulary words, point out any different pronunciations and grammar expressions to aid us in our Korean language skills. The course was well-prepared and organised that made it easier to teach Korean beginners who already learned the alphabets.
The instructor is great. She speaks clearly however during the later chapters, she spoke a little faster which made it a little hard to understand. The student conversations were hard to understand and could be much better if they had microphones closer to them. Overall, I would recommend it for beginners.
Accurate translations, better understanding of the pronunciation of the words. If they could balance also the vocabulary and comprehension in their quizzes (Maybe 10 questions; 5 vocabulary and 5 comprehension). Thank you so much for helping me improved my Korean. Hope to use this when I get there. :)
Teaches the various grammar points of Korean very well by incorporating them into normal everyday scenarios. You have to do a lot of self-study outside to remember the vocab, though, and I recommend knowing hangeul or at least some hangeul before you start or it can be a little difficult.
It was simple and effective and the course was worth the time and effort. Really informative and the workbook, reading materials, the lecture and the tests all together made the experience much smoother.Thank you for the certificate. Will surely recommend to others.
Great course! The lessons are very clear and well explained. It might be better to take the First Step Korean course first. It seems like Learn to Speak Korean 1 was built on the foundation set by First Step Korean. I wish there was a Learn to Speak Korean 2!
I liked, but i don´t know maybe it´s me, but i feel this course it was very fast, then i haven´t learned very well, i hope review it agin and can understand all the course.for all, thank so much. I hope another course, i think that always is good.
Nice course, well organized and interesting. But the tests are too easy and not enough challenging. Also, instead of long shopping sequences, I would prefer a business oriented sequence (how to communicate in a business environment). Thank you!
This course has helped me to understand how to construct sentences in Korean. The pronunciation of Foreign students were a huge help. I liked the conversation of the students the most in the the ending of the videos.
The information taught is great, but the quizzes required to move through the course are too easy in comparison. I'd be interested in seeing future courses have longer and more challenging assignments.
The lessons were very amusing and easy to follow i really enjoyed it  still i wish if the exercises and the quiz were more challenging ....thank you very much i learned a lot i wish you all prosper
It's not bad as an intro course. Too few exercises. Quizzes too easy. Parts of videos rather boring; had to listen with x2 speed; dialogues recorded outside were with terrible sound quality.
very nice i learn a lot of about korean  but what next we must let for student plan to can learn more or step to talking korean easy  i hope u can send email for how improve  speaking
Amazing starters course. I hope there will another course will be coming soon.One thing I would of liked is for the lessons and workbook exercises to be harder. Keep up the good work.
Almost perfect. During the lessons, when asked to repeat after the teacher, I did not feel I had enough time to verbally practice. Other than that, I learned more than expected!
I really like this course. I took the previous one and it helped me so much! I really love how you all teach. Please do bring a level 2 or something. Amazing work!! Hwaiting!
PlPlease include material for common greetings! I never learned about greetings, or telling time, or family members. Not even about nationality. Otherwise, excellent course.
Muy bueno, pero necesitas saber el abecedario antes de comenzar y como se forman la oraciones, pero si analizas lo explicado con detenimiento, es comprendible y muy útil.
Overall the course was well-structured and easy to follow with very good explanations and vocabulary lists. However, I would have liked the tests to be more challenging.
talks go very fast, beginners cannot follow. Although I read first the notes and look up the words in the dic but still the lesson and dialogues are too fast. Thank you
This course is great for those who have know the basics of Korean language. Recommend this to those who want to learn basic communication skills using Korean language
Course is good. Audio on the videos is hard to hear, not well edited. Teacher is very good and structure ok. Room for improvement but I would definitely recommend it.
I truly enjoyed this course.  The lessons are the right length and study materials helps with understanding the subjects.  I wish it was longer. Thank you
The way the course is designed made it so much easier to comprehend. I wish there was more vocabulary, though. Eagerly awaiting Level 2 of this course
Really loved the course, so much better that just going trough a text book, other than sometime is feels as we are moving fast it was still fun!!
I noticed some translation mistakes in the videon but overall, it's good and i finished learning all of it. The logic and content is clear.
Es un curso bastante bueno, muy completo y fácil de entender aunque todo fuese en ingles. Lecciones muy completas y bastantes vocabulario.
instructive, well paced. some of the exercises are a bit too far off from the lessons as they introduce new vocabulary. Very good overall
i Didn't learn much because I already had the level in Korean enough for this class, still, it was rewarding to have 100% at each quiz !
More grammar is needed to better understand the examples. Topics are interesting. Sound not good enough sometimes. Good course anyway.
Very well explained, amazing grammar explanations, though sometimes they added vocabulary in examples that we did not know beforehand.
Great job for people striving to learn Korean. Thank you so much. Hope people will have a chance to Learn to Speak Korean 2 as well
Very good explanation and demonstration! Thank you for much for your great lesson, I hope to take another course after this course
I have clearly learned about basic dialogues in Korean. This course is very useful. But the contents are a little insufficient.
Este curso está completo y bien explicado por la profesora a cargo y sus alumnos.Es una pena que no sea más extenso el curso.
Really good teacher. Good material, with vocabulary and grammar to speak when you are with friends or in a shop for example.
Esta muy bien e aprendido bastante lo que faltaría mi opinión que hubiese más ejercicios y cuestionario para practicar mas
It should include the pronunciation in the slides of the lessons and in the grammar it should also include the meanings
Very good for beginners! Each topic is explained in great detail with ample amount of time to practice the new concept.
Tiene escritura, lectura y gramática , recomendado 100% I really enjoyed the course!! 연세대학교 너무 감사합니다,저는 연세대학교 으로 갈 것이다!
I really liked this course. I just think it could have cemented the content a lot more with harder and more exercises!
good. it helps you to understanding a little korean, and help you so you can talk a little korean when you go there
While the course does provide the essentials of everyday Korean, it doesn't give much time for memorizing material.
A really good course to help beginners in Korean. It greatly helped me fix my grammar and sentence structure.
Es un curso muy sencillo en el que se aprende mucho vocabulario y expresiones del día a día.
The course content and the teacher was excellent. Happy to learn this course. Many thanks.
Easy to understand, useful vocabulary and grammar, many techniques that help remembering
The course structure is very clear. I recommend this class to other Korean beginners.
Good course, but I think quizes should be more difficult, but it was well organised
I think it will be better if you started with more easy things like 안녕하세요 or 감사합니다
It was a little bit more difficult than expected, but still a good course.
It's a very good course for beginners! However, the quizzes were too easy~
This course is good for beginners and has a great emphasis on listening.
It would be nice if there is  a speak korean 2 course offer here :)
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to broaden my horizons!!
I agree that my feedback may be viewed by the Coursera community
Very Interactive and helps with learning correct Korean grammr.
Very easy and simple. Wish to learn more advanced korean.
Good course for beginners the vocabulary is very useful
I enjoy learning  speaking much as it very interesting
its a great help... love to learn more simple and easy
I'm enjoy this program, learn korean become more fun
great course I want to have learn korean2 please
Clear pronunciation learning and good exercises
I loved the structure but it was way too easy.
Some voice parts on quiz are not working.
Muy completo pero un tanto confuso
我觉得两天看完真的很爽 感觉像是温习了一部分TOPIK1的基础知识
It was really use full to learn
nice to learn useful vocabulary
Very nice course, i recommend.
Nice experience and I learn..
it's very helpful, thank you!
很生活化的課程，旅遊也可以用到的句型
Super dope course
togood job
I learned more in this six week course than i did in my year of self teaching Korean. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking to advance their Korean after having learned Hangul!
It was very informative, fun and really easy to study. Looking forward for the next course "Learn to Speak Korean 2"Thank you so much for such a great course. And wish you all the best.
Un curso muy útil si ya aprendiste el alfabeto coreano y tienes nociones básicas de la gramática coreana. Creo que algunas personas, como yo, que nos encontramos estudiando el idioma coreano y no vivimos en Corea ni tampoco tenemos un amigo con quien practicar la forma hablada todos los días, podemos sentirnos un poco inseguros sobre cómo formar oraciones correctamente. Pero este curso ayuda a aterrizar de una forma fácil cómo se hacen oraciones básicas y de la vida diaria en coreano y realmente me ayudó mucho a sentar las bases que ya había aprendido, repasar vocabulario y ver ejemplos reales de cómo se habla el coreano.
I learned a lot from this course, especially over the week 3 to 6 content. The only critique I have is that (like many other courses) the quizes are too easy. A lot of the quizes have the same answer twice.I wish the quizes had more questions and the difficulty of the questions were about the same as the final quiz. I struggled on the final quiz, but I could basically skip a lot of content and still cruise through all the previous quizes.I rushed through the content and the quizes so I am no longer on a timer. To fully benefit from this great course I plan on going back and completing the workbook content that I skipped (every single one). I'm going to give it 5 stars because it's free and a lot of work has been put in, but I do wish it was harder to pass so it was more of an achievement. I should be required to know more than I currently do in order to complete the quizes/weeks. Again, the last quiz is an example of something difficult enough where I'd actually have to complete the week's content to confidently pass. Even just increasing the amount of questions to 15 to 20 would provide a MUCH better representation of how much you've actually learned in that week's content.There may be a reason why there's only 5 questions per quiz. It may be a limitation of Coursera when offering a free course. If this is the case then please disregard my comments, obviously.Thank you to Yonsei University for once again providing more useful learning content for free.
Enjoyed this course! It has helped me begin my journey towards conversing in Korean. It's a good blend of listening, speaking, grammar, and worksheets. I'm really happy that I took this course.
This course is a complete package in itself. I have learned a lot and improved my Korean as well. The professor was great and the lessons are well curated. I enjoyed every bit of this course!
I'll start by saying that the teacher is amazing and I loved this course so much! As someone who got into korean music few (3-4) years ago, I knew nothing more except basic phrases like hello and 'I love you", as well as that I taught myself how to read and write hangul, but this course made me feel like I learned so much. The words and sentences structures taught here are great for beginners who are new to korean and teach us the words in situations we'd be likely to encounter as a tourist in Korea. With this course, you learn very useful verbs and words used for shopping, ordering food at restaurants, asking for prices and negotiating prices in stores or in markets, as well as basic things such as talking about your hobbies and the weather. You should definitely keep a notebook to write down the notes, and also look out for useful words in the dialogues at the end of each video, since some words aren't included in the vocabulary list! Overall, this is an amazing course and it really set me up to continue learning Korean at a beginner level.
This course had extremely great explanations and course material. I learned the entire course in a memorable way and I highly recommend this course to anyone looking to learn a new language!
My sister and I have learnt so much from this course and we especially love the lecture that teaches. The way in which she explains in very effective, wish she had more courses to teach
사랑해요감사합니다^^
This is an excellent course and I am pleased with the conversational skills it teaches.  It teaches using everyday conversational dialogue.  I am very happy with this course and I recommend it to anyone who is willing to learn the Korean language.  In fact,  I will take it again to reinforce my absorption of the grammar and listening skills.
It was excellent! The course work was very thorough and the supporting videos were effective and detailed. Overall, the course was challenging enough yet easy to manage with a work schedule.
Pienso que es un curso bastante útil, y si sabes el alfabeto coreano y mínimo los números del 1 al 10 (tanto en el sistema nativo como chino) te será mas fácil entender las lecciones y pasar los quiz con buena puntuación, y aunque hay 1 o 2 lecciones en las que te aburrirás de tanta gramática, creo que si tienes perseverancia lo lograras, pues las ultimas lecciones son muy fáciles y no aburren para nada, recomiendo mucho este curso, todas las lecciones están muy bien explicadas, y cuando termines el curso podrás hablar o entender de manera mas fluida ciertas expresiones
Great course. I had already learned the korean alfabet and this course was a very good introduction to the language itself. The basics you need to start speaking the Korean language.The teacher is good and the pace is nice. I am just sad there is no "Learn to Speak Korean 2", but I hope they will do it in the future.I trully recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn Korean and doesn't know anything about it, except the alfabet itself. It is really important to know the alfabet before starting this couse. Fortunately, that was my case...
This course really helped me understand and gave a better explanations on stuff that i didn't understand at first. I recommend this to those that are learning or want to learn Korean it very helpful.
Fantastic course! As a Korean-American, learning grammar has always been tricky for me. Thank you for creating such a well-organized, well-taught course. Looking forward to future courses with you!
this course is nice, the structure of the lessons is simple and easy to follow, the videos are short which reduce the chance for getting bored, i recommend this course for the beginners
This is really helpful!
h很适合学习 很好德老师
I loved learning with the Yonsei University. I got idea of many things in general for being able to learn more using self study. I am really confident to speak enough Korean with new Korean and Other friends too. This also helped me to understand Korean Dramas in a better way without the help of at least a few subtitles more than just Thank you, Sorry and names of the characters along with some other action verbs often known to many non-Korean K-Drama fans as well. I really glad to have this knowledge. Thank you so much to both Coursera for giving this opportunity of learning and Yonsei for giving abundant knowledge of Korean Language to be satisfied with this course and confident to speak in Korean.
I've been learning Korean for a while before this, but it was a good return to basics and definitely a more organized way to study. I feel my listening skills have improved a bit because of this course; additionally I learned a few words I hadn't seen up to now as well.The teacher was very nice and professional and I appreciated her simply style and delivery. The reenactments seemed a little... forced(?) at times, but they got the point across. Especially considering each speaker had a different style/speed of pronouncing their sentences (something you'd probably encounter in real life, no doubt).All in all, a great course.
A good course for beginners. As they have mentioned in the introduction, students MUST know hangul before enrolling into this course. The lessons teach common daily expressions that students can use on a daily basis like self-introduction, buying and exchanging things at the shop etc. Right after this course, you can go shopping in full Korean without any worries. The speaking exercise has both a native and non-native Korean speakers. So, you can hear the pronunciation difference. Notes provided are good too because they provide the used vocabularies in each lesson along with their meanings.
It was a great course. The course provides practice of pronunciation from both a native speaker (the teacher) and diverse foreign students. The key point about this course, for myself, was the grammar part of the lessons/units, which were (VERY) useful for a beginners level.A concern would have to be the repetitiveness of the tests, by which I mean that sometimes there was a sense of a 'follow-up' question which gave the answer to previous ones (there's 5 questions in each test).All in all, I'm grateful for any kind of a 'step-by-step' lessons provided by a trustworthy source:)
Excellent course for those already familiar with Hangul (Korean writing system). Each 10-15 minute lesson progresses the course at a reasonable pace, demonstrating the content through multiple varied exercises. Most importantly, each lesson provides a few dramatized practical conversations to contextualize the newly learned grammar and vocabulary. Usually these conversations include one or two words or sentence structures that challenge the student to study beyond what is provided in the lesson.The course is expertly crafted and I would love to see a "Learn to Speak Korean 2!"
What an awesome beginner course! The instructor is superb! The students performing in the videos were great! The entire structure of each unit is built upon previous material. Yonsei utilizes this important element for long term memory consolidation. I learned a great deal. I now understand the finer points of grammar, such as particle usage, counters, and how to properly construct grammatically correct sentences. This course has given me a solid foundation in which to build upon. I wish that Yonsei University would offer an intermediate course :) Thank you so much!!
I LOVED this course. I was browing through the reviews and was encouraged to pursue the course after people said that it taught them more in 6 weeks than in one year of self-study. I have been studying Korean for 6 months now and though, obviously, knowing Hangeul has helped, I really lacked in simple sentences constructions, daily life conversations and speaking practice. What a pleasure it was to be able to apply what I have learned in this course at the Korean restaurant ! Looking forward to more Yonsei contents. Thank you so much for this series !
This course is helpful and easy to understand for those who want to speak Korean, especially those who don't use Korean as native language. Thank you so much for teaching us, Mrs Han. God bless!
Going into this course, there were many things that I already knew how to do or say, so I did treat this kind of like a refresher. And dude, this was a pretty good refresher! There were grammar marks and vocab words that I had forgotten over time and even some that I had never learned before! It's so true when they say that you can't just use one source to learn a language. I'm glad that I took this course, as it has helped me test my memorization and fix my pronunciation mistakes. This was a well worth accomplishment. <3
In the past year, I’ve explored countless beginning Korean courses online. “Learn to Speak Korean 1” through Coursera is hands-down the best one available. Each bite-sized lesson covers grammar, vocabulary & pronunciaton with ample practice in speaking, reading & listening skills. This course is beautifully designed with clarity & simplicity so learning Korean is almost (emphasis on *almost*) easy! Please, please Yonsei University & Coursera, please offer “Learn to Speak Korean 2”!!! I’ll be the first to sign up! 감사합니다!
The structure of the lectures was amazing and logical. It included all listening, speaking and writing skills. The information was presented in an enjoyable way and the students participating were fun to listen to. The additional paper given after every lecture was useful and helpful. The tests in the end were also quite enjoyable. All in all the project is not lacking in anything and I would recommended to friends and family. I had once in a life time experience learning from this. Thank you so much!
I took this course while self-studying and it really helped me strenghten the basics. I am already living in Korea and I managed to used some of the expressions taught. I find it easier to learn vocabulary with the help of the videos, I could check my pronounciation and correct it more easily. The classes are really nice for starters, the content is complete enough and the way it's organized is effective. Though I wish the quizzes were more complex, it quickly became boring and repetitive.
very informative and organized way of introducing the basics of Korean language.. this course helps you engage with Korean native speakers and allow your ears to adapt to the correct pronunciation of words  the teacher is using very simple and easy methods of demonstration. i hope yonsei university finishes the series and make a full course of Korean language. because mastering the language doesn't seem impossible if the teaching process continue to be in this quality and efficiency.
This course has really been helpful. I had taught myself the alphabets before hand but I really am completely new to the language. This course is vary comprehensive and it has made it easier to understand basic sentence construction. I have also been able to decipher how basic sentence construction works for what hasn't been covered by the course as well. I have been thoroughly enjoying myself while learning. Thank you and keep up the good work. :)
나는 행복하고 대단히 감사합니다Estas clases contienen todos los
requisitos necesarios para poder aprender correctamente el
coreano y estoy muy agradecida con la oportunidad que ofrecieron ya que encontrar alguna clase que tenga los contenidos completos y explicados
correctamente es muy difícil y gracias a este programa si lo pude lograr
porque contiene todos las bases del idioma y ahora puedo leer y escribir
coreano correctamente.
El curso me gusto mucho ya que pude entender todo, se nota el empeño en la realizacion de los modulos, se busco la mejor manera de asociar el vicabulario con los modulos. El metodo de examinar tambien es  muy bueno ya que hice otro curso donde era bastante simple y aqui veia el esfuerzo y al tener pequeñas historias o dialogos por entender ponia a prueba lo que entendi y aprendi durante el modulo. Super recomendable.
상미한 선생님 정말 고맙습니다, This was an awesome course I would highly recommend this course to you guys out there who know a little about how to read and know about hangul. This is an amazing course and the way they teach the methods they use is soo easy to understand. This course was not very much tough to me cause I use to study koran by myself too but still those who are beginners this is an awesome course to go for.
For me its easy to understand even though I dont speak English very well. I know the hangul but not really have a lot of vocabulary, so for the first week I pause the video a lot. And my korean improve after few weeks and I still have fun learning korean. I wish there's more subject and conversations, and also I wish the quiz will be more than 5. But Im grateful because of this course. I had so much 감사합니다
I really, really loved this course. It's vocabulary and grammar structures enable the beginner student to engage in simple, basic conversation from week one. On the other hand, the creative ways in which the information is presented and repeated makes this course very enjoyable. I already liked Korean language but this course made me fall in love with it all over again. Thank you very much! Anca, Romania.
Este curso me ha parecido excelente. Soy principiante en esto de aprender coreano (Aunque antes de este curso realicé otro llamado First step korean, en está misma pagina y dictado por la misma universidad. Recomiendo hacerlo primero) pero las clases son detalladas, explican pronunciación, vocabulario básico, así como gramática. Ademas es dictado por una profesora nativa de Corea. Quedé muy agradecida.
It was hard. The korean language is very different from the languages I already know (spanish and english), but it was really fun. The instructor was nice and explained the lessons well. She was very engaging with the viewer. Plus, she had nice hair. The videos had cute cutscenes with other students as protagonists. Although they were a little bit awkward, they were fun to watch and very charming.
I loved the course, Its really very much helpful for an International Student like me who was actually truly at a zero level of this language, but, due to help of this course and the previous course (Beginner's Course), I can atleast try to read, understand and speak little bit of Korean Language, it really helped me a lot. Looking further to learn more now...!!! Thank you...!!!
Amazing course,Based on daily experiences and made with the participation of students, the course has a practical approach to tech vocabulary, grammar structures and useful Korean expressions used in daily life.  The teacher is excellent and the structure if nice to ensure content comprehension.Highly recommended for everyone who is starting in Korean and already knows Hangeul.
Great course, especially if you are already familiar with most of the sentence structures and need a course to progress with your sentence building. This helped me hear and repeat sentences so I could practice my speaking and listening skills. The audio for the "real life situation" videos was poor and they spoke very fast but other than that I learned a lot from the course.
I see a lot of progress compared with the last course and I really like it so far. The teacher is really calm and easy going and I totally love how the foreing students appear in the videos because it gives me courage that I can do better and that it doesn't matter where I'm from I can still learn the Language!Thank you for this new Korean course I hope it won't be the last!
I really liked this course. It was informative, structured and easy to understand. The lessons break down the basic vocabulary and grammar needed to have a simple conversation in Korean. The lessons may seem quite slow, but I find it necessary to ensure that we can understand the material fully. Overall, I found this course to be extremely helpful and useful. Thank you! :)
it is a really immersive experience. and easy to follow. but I hope they can make the graded test of a higher level and comprise everything that we learnt into it instead of just giving 5 questions. I also hope that the workbooks would have more practice questions. as well as the transcripts for the dialogues in the ending scenes to be added into the reading notes
excellent course! they teach you all the terms and sentences you need to know either as a beginner learning Korean or if you're planning to travel there. In addition to the video lessons, lecture notes and homework are also provided for extra practice! Definitely recommend this course to anyone thinking of learning Korea! Thank you very much for this course 10/10!
I am very happy to be part of this online class, I want to thank first coursera for giving me a chance to study  this course, It helps me Learn to Speak Korean for real😊. I've learned a lot. Thank you very much also to professor Sang Mee Han for teaching us, I'm gonna missed you. Your a very good teacher. Thank you very much. I highly recommended this course.
Very clear structure, nice way of presenting and focussed on every day topics. I also enjoyed the feature of the international students, because it takes away the fear of having a weird accent. It helps to see them mastering it and gives an additional boost in motivation.A follow up course for further improvement of one's Korean skills would be nice!
A very nice introduction to Korean; I've been self-studying on and off for a year, but never anything too structured, so I was a little unsure of how the beginning steps would be broken down, but the lessons flowed amazingly smooth and really gave a lot of useful grammar information and vocabulary right off the bat. Extremely pleased by the course!
This course is excellent. It helps me know more about Korean and especially it covers all 4 skills. I really love listening to the conversation between foreign students which improves my listening skill a lot. The staff is very friendly and helpful, too. I hope that there will be more Korean courses like this in the near future! Thank you so much!
Thank you very much Professor Sang Mee Han and your staff concerned to make this course available to people who want to learn Korean language. The lay out of the course content, time required for each module is good and practical to learners. The professor herself is good.Thank you Yonsei University and all the people concerned of this course.
Thank you so much for the wonderful course! I truly learned a lot from the repetitive dialogues, vocabulary and grammar lessons. Practicing the videos and reading materials could help me in my pronounciation and in reading faster. I hope there’s a continuation to this course where I could further enhance my Korean Language skills. Thank you!
Un curso fácil de llevar, con explicaciones completas y de fácil entendimiento. Si estudiaste hace tiempo, sirve como un buen reforzamiento y aprendizaje de nuevo vocabulario. Gracias por tener este curso disponible, quedo encantada y muy agradecida con la universidad, maestra y alumnos que elaboran y participan para el desarrollo del curso.
This is a really amazing Course. (Learn to Speak Korean 1) made me so confident with my Basic Korean skills that I decided to talk to people in Korean. The people that live in Korea say that my Korean is pretty good, and I am able to create my own sentences with the help of an online dictionary. If you keep going, you will be able to go far.
This course helped me improve my Korean after I took Yonsei University's First Step Korean course with professor Seung Hae Kang. It's easy to follow and it's very organized! Thank you Professor Sang Mee Han and Yonsei University for providing a great Korean language course and I hope you will consider adding more Korean langauge courses.
El curso fue preciso con los temas y didáctico por lo cual aprendí mucho y me siento más segura al comunicarme en coreano. Me encantaría que hubiese la continuación del curso para así aprender más y reforzar lo aprendido hasta ahora. La profesora fue muy clara con las lecciones. Muchas gracias a  la Universidad de Yonsei por este curso.
In order to take this course, you need to have a basic understanding of Korean and its writing system.This course met all my expectations and I am truly thankful for such an amazing resource. The way the course is organized allows for the material to build upon previous covered subjects and this reinforces what has already been learned.
This is a very good course because it has a very well structured plan to teach the topics little by little. Thanks to this course, I have learnt various topics related to Korean syntax, phonology, and vocabulary at the same time, so I think it is recommendable for all those who already know "hangeul" and want to learn Korean properly.
Very informative, at a decent pace for a student to grasp. I look forwards to a Part 2, as I took "Beginning Korean" before this one, and signed up for this course as a follow up. Regardless, this will provide someone completely new to Korean with a solid foundation with which to proceed in their language studies regarding Korean.
Ha sido una gran ayuda para poder desenvolverme más en la vida diaria ya que he aprendido nuevos términos para poder comunicarme con más soltura en el idioma coreano.Felicito a la profesora y a sus colaboradores por hacernos aprender de una forma fácil y entretenida ya que me motivaron más a seguir aprendiendo este hermoso idioma.
El curso me gusto porque aprendí como describir mi ciudad, nuevo vocabulario, adquirí el lenguaje básico para poder desenvolverme en Corea , tanto en un restaurante como en centros comerciales. aunque me gustaría que existiera otro curso para darle continuidad a lo que aprendimos y así tener mas conocimiento del idioma coreano.
I really enjoyed this six week course! It had a lot of helpful information in it and did not take up a lot of time. The lecture notes were helpful and I really enjoyed the workbook and quizzes. I looked forward to my lessons every day and am so sad it's over. Thank you so much for this wonderful intro course! I learned a lot!
I loved this course! I learned so much. I really enjoyed all the dialogue. After this course i feel more confidence with my korean and I wanna learn even more. It's a pity that there aren't other level of this course. If you can read the hangul and wanna get better in korean by gaining more confidence, this course is for you!
It was a great experience! The structure of the lessons is easy and interesting. I liked how the students acted in the videos and showed the conversations in an interesting way. Also, I appreciate how this course improved understanding of Korean culture. Thanks a lot! I am definitely waiting for the Learn to Speak Korean 2.
I really enjoyed this class. Although learning a new language is really hard, the way the syllabus was created made it easier to grasp with relatable conversations and topics. I like the order of activities per module, starting with examples, vocabulary, speaking practice, and more examples. Thank you again for this!
This course was very much useful to me. Since I am a beginner in learning Korean language, each and every lessons they taught was very much understandable and clean.Am so happy that I met the correct teacher and platform for learning Korean Language.Thank you to the teachers and people behind this learning platform.
A great basic course that provides experience reading, writing, listening to and speaking Korean.  The focus of the course is on learning and practicing language used for daily situations such as shopping, ordering food in restaurants, and,  making introductions that are useful for visiting and traveling in Korea.
I have already known most of the grammar before starting this course, but I wanted to learn more vocab and revise. This course was very understandable, well-paced and definitely helped me practice the basics of Korean. I am impressed by the quality, the dialogs and worksheets were extremely helpful and well-made.
I have read many book, watch video clips , using apps for improved my Korean speaking and written skills. Everything was massed up ! So I enroll for this course which is offered by Yonsei University .  The way they design the syllabus, I believe that will help you learn very fast without any confusion . 감사합니다 😊
Estoy muy satisfecha con el aprendizaje y resultados obtenidos en el curso de Introducción al Idioma Coreano, por lo tanto no he dudado ni un segúndo el incribirme a este nuevo curso que sin duda me ayudará a ampliar y mejorar mi aprendizaje en esta hermosa lengua, ¡espero con muchas ansias más cursos como este!
I can't thank you enough for providing us this course, I have improved my Korean language a lot because of this course. I enrolled and learnt for free and it's only the certificate which we have to buy and I will buy a certificate so that it helps me in my career, I really hope we get more courses like these..
The course is really beneficial with multiple ways to help enhance your speaking listening and understanding  skills in korean. All the time and effort was worth it with live examples and additional material like the workbooks and vocabulary lists you can access  for free. Truly a good course worth the time.
This is a great introductory course to Korean language. It definitely enhanced my speaking skills, accent, and proper intonation when communicating. Can serve as a guide to the needed conversations of daily interactions with people. Vocabularies taught are also helpful and useful. Very well paced and clear.
안녕하세요!I enjoyed every session of it as it really helped me in learning the basics of  how to speak in Korean and I am so excited that there is another course being introduced this summer. I am looking forward to it. I would also like to thank Professor Sang Mee Han and all the mentors for this course.감사합니다!
Very comprehensive and educative course for korean learners. I built my confidence with the language through this course. I strongly recommend this course to anyone willing to study the korean language, I wish they add more modules or open another course which will entail more of grammar lesson. Thank you
I still can't believe I got to study Korean for free! It was very useful and I learned a lot. The videos complete, entertaining and easy to understand, and there were a lot of additional information (which you can download) to have more knowledge and improve! I am more than satisfied. Totally recommend!
well, first of all I very much enjoyed all the lessons!I started learning korean alone, and my pace was not organized as I didn't know from where to start, but now as I studied this program at now I feel like I have almost all the basics to persue learning the korean language.  선생님 감사합니다. 수업을 너무 재미 있어요!
It is a helpful and interesting course, contains the necessary vocabulary and grammar for beginners. This course is informative, the structure of the lessons is simple and easy to learn, the videos are short and entertaining. It’s a great introduction to the Korean.Thank you for the interesting course!
Assalomu alaykum! Faxr bilan O`zbekcha gapiraman chunki meni bepu ta`lim olishimda yaqindan ko`mak bergan innovatsiya va strategiya markaziga o`z minnatdorchiligimni bildiraman!Albatta ko`rishib suhbatlashak koreys tilida o`zim to`grimda so`zlab beraman! barcha tashkilotchilarga rahmat deb qolaman!!!
i’m going to miss doing this course every week. it was such a fun and easy to navigate course. although i have so much to learn, it helped me get a better understanding of korean grammar. thank you for making this course and having practical everyday examples in both the lessons and the exercises! :)
Excelente curso online, fácil de entender y permite practicar las habilidades orales y auditivas aunque no se encuentre otra persona a mi lado enseñándome. Definitivamente aprendí bastante y espero ponerlo en práctica al momento de viajar.Muchas gracias también por hacer de este un curso gratuito.
I love how this course has all the parts needed to learn - vocabulary, pronunciation, and grammar. I found the grammar points very, very helpful. The course pace and format is also easy to follow. I really hope there will be other courses like this (like a level 2 and 3). It would be so helpful.
I loved this course so much, it helped me a lot to understand better Korean as a beginner, I encourage and recommend it to people who want to learn Korean and don't know from where to start :)Thank you very much for uploading Korean courses for people like us and help us enjoy learning it :)
I think this course is one of the best studying instructor.I learned a lot from Learn to Speak Korean 1.Even if you aren't feel yourself for studying Korean you have to start with this course it will help you to speak confidently and learn a lot by the professionals.Thank you for your help❤️
I really lo e the course. It was a bit difficult at the end because I didn’t have enough time to practice, but I managed to complete it successfully. I do really think the teacher was a marvellous one. I really hope to travel to Korea next year and study at Yonsei University for a while.
i had joined some of korean course in my country, but this is the best i thought. all the materials was so good and easy to understand. i can't speak english well but i can understand the whole materials as well. also i get so much modules which is very usefull to me. thankyou so much .
I am so happy that I enrolled in this course. I gave a lot of information for a beginner like me. Professor explained clearly each lesson with adequate examples to practice. The modules are well-organized and packed with detailed lessons that are easy to grasp. Thank you and God bless.
Very clear and neat course. I'm able to revise the basic stuff after many years leaving it behind. The course is made easy for beginner, with ample of quizzes to check our understanding. Well done! Please recommend the next level/ upper beginner-lower intermediate level to me. Thanks!
Very easy to understand. You can learn most of the stuff by skipping the video and just reading the captions which speeds it up so much xD The vocab is really easy to remember. I got through the courses in 3 days; it really isn't a lot. Hope there will be more courses in the future~-
I want to give a big thanks to the course team. After the course, I can speak basic Korean and have simple communication with my Korean friends. This course is so much useful and easy to study for beginners. Hopefully, Yonsei Uni will release the next course soon. Completed course!!!
¡Fue muy útil e instructivo! La profesora explicó todo muy bien. Me gustó que colocara conversaciones del día a día dentro de las clases, lo único que quisiera que mejore es el audio de estas conversaciones ya que muchas veces no lograba distinguir el diálogo. ¡Gracias por el curso!
I learned the basics of korean conversations through this course. It helped me in familiarizing myself with sentence endings and common expressions as well. This is a perfect course to jump start learning korean. Thank you so much for this course. It has been really helpful for me.
This course of Korean Lenguage by the Yonsei University was awesome! <3, I really understood every lesson without any problem. Thank you so much for you service and effort. I´ll miss to see my beautifull teacher giving me the welcome to the class. I hope you can do another course.
I felt like I actually learned something. I feel like I can have a legit conversation and I can feel confident buying things and asking questions. The teacher is amazing, the material is extremely useful and I am very happy with the new things I have learned. Thank you so much :)
I learnt many vocabularies and i tried to pronounce and repeated after the professor in the video which helped me memorize quickly. Moreover, In the quiz I like when there are listening quiz the most because it's easy to catch up words with no interference and the voice's clear.
This course is excellent! I have learned a lot and improved my Korean as well. The professor was great and the lessons are well curated, also it's easy to manage with my busy schedule. I really enjoyed every bit of this course even though it's a little bit challenging at first.
I liked the way the lectures were organized and the way the instructor presented the material! My only complaint is that I wish it was longer and had more indepth reading material and examples. More difficult weekly quizzes would also be helpful. Thank you for these lessons! :)
Excellent course! The classes shows how to speak correctly in a daily situation such as going to shop or to a restaurant. The professor teaches in a way we all can understand perfectly. Can't wait to start practicing everything I learned here! Absolutely recommend this course!
This course is very easy to follow! :) I really liked the fact that the topics are focused on daily life situations. However I would improve the quizzes (not very challenging), and the workbook exercises! Thank you for such an interesting course! I learnt so much in a fun way!
It was a great opportunity for me to take free online class to your prestigous University and indeed it was one of my dreams to learn Korean to a Korean School,  it was also my dream to pursue my korean language. Thank you for this wondeful opportunity. 도와주셔서 감사함니다 <3 건강하세요.
I've learned Korean when I was in college 10 years ago. Recently, I picked up Korean once again through this course during the corona-virus self-quarantine days. I find it very useful and hopefully, but the exercise is far too easy for someone who has learned Korean before.
I don't have a Korean keyboard or else typed it out in Korean. I enjoyed the course a lot. So easy to understand and so engaging. It would be really nice if Yonsei university updates many such courses. I am so much thankful to the course instructor for teaching so clearly.
Es un curso muy productivo y provechoso te brinda de una forma fácil bases para poder manejar el idioma coreano con respeto a ciertas situaciones del diario vivir. Ademas nos brinda diferentes ayudas las cuales son provechosas dentro del curso y fuera del el.MUCHAS GRACIAS
Este curso es de gran ayuda, siento que puedo desenvolverme más en el coreano. Los videos de conversaciones de los estudiantes ayuda mucho como ejemplo, tanto para poder tener fluidez, como para practicar el audio. Espero poder seguir viendo más cursos como este.   고맙습니다!
amo este curso realmente me esta ayudando mucho al aprendizaje de la lengua coreana, espero que puedan seguir apoyando con cursos siguientes en verdad me encantaria poder tener un alto nivel de conocimiento sobre este idioma,  gracias a todos los que hacen posible esto.
This course was incredibly helpful in learning new vocabulary and phrases in Korean. It was practical and laid out in a manner which was very effective and has been immediately useful in my daily life here in South Korea. I hope you will offer more courses such as this.
Very happy with this course. Just the right bite sizes to learn something new every day. The teacher was very clear in explanation. The use of students in videos was great. I felt much more confident than in a physical class where others were faster or noisier than me!
An amazing tutorial on enriching your Korean Vocabulary and learning to interact with others in ubiquitous situations. Professor Sang Mee Han is an excellent teacher, explaining each aspect carefully along with giving time for self practise. Glad to have completed it.
Very practical class and provides an easy structure for students of all learning paces to understand how to speak & use the language. Examples and vocabulary list are very helpful. Would recommend beginners and even more intermediate students to check this course out.
It was a great experience. Professor Sang Mee Han taught me a lot. The course improved my prior knowledge about the Korean Language. I hope to improve more with the help of Coursera and Yonsei University. I'm looking forward to the next course in the Korean Language.
Really funcional course, i like every minute and i gonna miss the teacher and yours helpfull students. I'm from Brazil and know just the basic of english, the speach of teacher is soo clear, i understood every thing and a gonna keep pratice. Thank you for the content
I started the class with an intermediate knowledge on Hangul which I studied by myself for quite some time. With Yonsei Korean Class, I started to learn and improve my grammatical skills and preposition notions. Thank you Yonsei University for the class. 정말로 감사함니다~
This course is a perfect blend of grammar, speaking, and worksheets, thereby encompassing every method of language comprehension. It provides a very strong foundation for those who wish to study Korean in depth. I am extremely glad that I chose to take this course.
Extremely helpful course with very clear explanations and great class materials. The dialogues by the international students and the vocabulary lists are absolutely my favorite. You will do fine as long as you have studied how to read and write basic hangul before.
This course help me improving Korean language skill so much in listening speaking and also grammar.This is the best combination with First Step Korean course that I finished before.Thank you teacher Sang!! I want to visit Korea after the COVID-19 pandemic is over
The course provided an easy and practical way to learn Korean for beginners like me. The exercises are easy to follow and the materials are explained clearly. The videos are very helpful in understanding as they portray situations that we would likely experience.
Hi Thank you so much for the lesson that has been taught. I learn a lot about Hangul. It makes me feels excited every time I can speak and understand what are the Korean talk in their daily life. I hope this lesson will help me in the future. Thank you again! <3
This course was so informative and helpful!I really like how the grammar and expressions were explained. And by the third week, I was really comfortable with practicing out loud (even though I was alone in my room-lol).Thank you so much for another great course!
This course was really useful to get a hang of the basics and be able to learn some useful expressions for the daily life. It would be amazing to be able to have a “Learn to speak Korean 2” with more material for a more diverse target audience! 정말 즐거웠어요! 감사합니다!
Excelente curso, muy bien explicado y a un buen ritmo. Profesora muy capacitada y muy clara. Felicitaciones. Me sirvió muchísimo.Excellent course, very well explained and at a good pace. Very trained and very clear teacher. Congratulations. It served me a lot.
Muchisimas gracias!! Excelente el curso!! aprendi muchisimo a pronunciar!! Ojala sigan con mas cursos de coreano.- Hice los 2 que hay y me gustaria seguir aprendiendo.- Por favor me notifican cuando haya mas cursos de coreano.-Saludos desde Còrdoba, Argentina!
My overall experience has been fantastic so
far! I am really grateful to the course because it allowed me  to learn new strategies and methods to  study korean language. Thank you to all people behind this, especially to Sang Mee Han 선생님.  Highly recommended!
this course it's great, it helped me a lot, I've studying korean for almost 1 year and although I understand the grammar as well the vocabulary my listening and speaking skills were not the best which is way I entered into this course and I've improved a lot.
The course material is well planned out and the content is methodical in execution. A Beginner should have no problem grasping new words and in grammar formation as there are frequent repetitions and revisions. Kudos to the team that enabled the short skits!!
Thank you very much for the course! Вefore that I only knew Hangeul... but now I can definitely order a meal in Korean, or buy clothes)) I got great pleasure learning such an interesting course. I wish you success, I hope soon I will study at your university
I really loved this course! They gave us a lot of practical words and phrases, explained things well, and offered plenty of support through the discussion forums. I'm looking forward to the next course in Korean and hope to continue to learn! 선생님께 고맙습니다!
The structure of each lesson is well built up, the course content is thought trough. The explanations are clear and easy to follow even for beginners.Any question arises it is answered and explained in the discussion forum by the staff.Great course.감사합니다
This is a fantastic course for those interested in learning conversational phrases in Korean. I am hopeful there will be a Level 2 Class coming soon! The format of the class is well organized and provides many supporting documents. I loved this course.
A well-structured course for those interested in learning Korean from scratch. Good use of videos illustrating how the language is applied in everyday life complemented with exercises to check on our progress of learning. A really pleasant experience!
I really liked this course, although it was short it helped me to understand more the language and enhance my pronunciation, i am happy with what I have learned and will continue to study until I can speak fluently. Thank you for sharing this course.
Un curso muy útil para un principiante interesado en el idioma coreano. Si algún día viajo a Corea, de todas maneras repasaré lo aprendido aquí, puesto que de seguro será de gran ayuda para un turista :). De todas maneras les recomiendo este curso :)
I tried to learn korean before through apps, but I have never had so much succes as I'm having with this course. Here I feel really I'm learning things that are important to develop my korean language skills and can be applied on daily life in Korea.
Excellent! When i was studied Korean with teachers from Yonsei university I felt comfortable and could understand in deeply. I am not a good student but I tried my best to learned and I never stop to improve myself for surely. THANK YOU ;) Sincerely
I have enjoyed this course a lot. The teacher explain the grammar very well and it's easy to follow her. I didn't expect I was going to learn and practice so much! I'm very happy with the course and I would like to have a Learn to Speak Korean 2!
It was rather difficult for me but everything is clear.Thank you so much!Now I even understand several phrases while watching doramas with subtitles.I want to visit your country one day!But more practise is necessary.To improve beginner skills.
This was a very good course for learning vocabulary and grammar for use in conversation with friends.  The video clips of students participating in dialogue meant there were many examples of hearing pronunciation of Korean by different people.
It's good for the beginner, I have learned a lot from this course. I just I want tell you that what ever you are mentioning in Korean please mention that  Korean pronunciation in English also so that it will help for the better pronunciation.
замечательный курс. все очень просто и доступно. ещё не дошла до конца курса, но уже сейчас могу сказать, что данные занятия просты, информативны. преподаватель очень точно все объясняет. нет лишней информации. огромное спасибо за данный курс
Challenging and comprehensive course. Lessons were well structured and adds more depth to usual beginner's classes. Recommended for anyone who wants to have a stronger foundation in their Korean language. Dialogues included were fun as well.
A good introduction to Korean Conversations, which is enough to carry using what was learnt in the course. Simple to understand and the exercises are useful to strengthen the knowledge taught in the lecture. I enjoyed learning the course! :)
High quality materials. Well paced, but still managed to cover quite a bit. Definitely expanded my grammar and vocab through this course. Also, the instructor was great! I only wish the audio quality in the dialogue videos had been clearer.
The course is very useful. It gives you the necessary vocabulary and grammar to go manage to communicate in day-to-day conversations. I am going to South Korea with some friends in March and I feel the course's material would come in handy.
So good! It helped me w listening, speaking, writing and reading! Is the best korean online course I has ever taken! because the structure is so consistent and easy to follow! Now I don't know what to do next.. I'm waiting for the level 2!
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this class, as a way for me  to keep up with my personal study of the Korean language. I would definitely encourage people who wish to continue building upon their own Korean language skills to take this course.
It is a very good course for the Korean learner to learn.I like this course very much because the professor gave us a very clearly explanation in every modules.Lastly,I hope professor can give us more interesting course to learn.Thank you.
The course was extremely helpful. It was also fascinating and fun to learn new words and vocabulary. I would also like to thank the university for the vocabulary lists at the end of each module! They are extremely helpful!!! ㄷㅐ단히 감사합니다!!!
El curso esta muy bien para aprender algunas cosas básicas del idioma corano, es importante antes de comenzarlo saber por lo menos el alfabeto coreano. Muy recomendable ya que el aprendizaje es muy fácil y ameno. Yo he aprendido bastante
I would like to thank Yonsei University and it's staff specially Prof. Ms. Sang Mee Han for this marvelous Korean language course. I learned a lot of things from this course about Korean language and Korean culture. Thank you very much.
it was really easy for me to understand the lessons and also got some writing practice while doing the worksheets ! and as a student who recently started learning korean , it was really very helpful. i am very thankful for this course .
Excellent course, very good materials and good explanations. Yonsei University, thank you very much for offering the opportunity to learn the Korean language and bring their country and culture through Coursera. ¡Muchas gracias!,  고맙습니다
I started out only knowing the most basic greetings and how to read hangul and now I can definitely understand Korean more and speak sentences because of this course! I really do recommend! Stay on track and study and you'll be good!
Very good and grateful to be able to go back all the time to brush up on terms and understandings. Good course over all and the pace is good too . There is flexibility which i appreciate as well as deadline that keep you motivated.
This style of teaching has been a great way to learn! I cannot wait to use what I've learned. The repetition you get helps with memorizing the vocab. I want to continue learning with Yonsei University!! Thank you for your lessons!
The course is well structured. the videos are interesting and well explained.The lecture notes are so helpful and easy to understand, the same goes for with the workbook. the perfect course for a beginner. I really recommend it.
I enjoyed this course so much. It taught me a lot! The modules are very useful for a foreigner like me, especially when visiting South Korea. I truly recommend this course and hope to learn more about their language and culture.
I am really glad having taken this course . The professor has done a great job in making these videos including the demos by the students of Yonsei University. Go for it guys its a package of real fun, knowledge and experience .
It was so helpfull and our dear professor makes everything looks  easier to understand , she is an amazing person and teacher.. I thank her from the bottom of my heart and I'm looking forward to have the next course with her ^^
The teacher explains herself so good, so I am able to understand the course. Now I am able to speak more confident this language.But, the course is too short and you should add a low intermediate course and so on until advance.
Thank you for the fruitful and significant content for my very first Korean language course. I am very satisfied with the learning modules and promise myself to learn more. Thank you again, very helpful and truly appreciate it.
Ha sido una experiencia muy grata aprender mediante este curso, duro tan poco y aprendí tanto... Sin duda alguna he ampliado mucho más mi vocabulario, y creo que ya puedo decir que estoy lista para ir a Corea.  ¡Muchas gracias!
I think this is a great course. I learnt a lot from here , I already knew a bit of Korean but this course just strengthened my knowledge. It was worth it and the teacher is very friendly...I definitely made the right choice!!!
Excellent course !!! I appreciate the time and work invested by all the participants in preparing and presenting the course. I wish they can continue the courses. Excellent work and a big thanks to Yonsei University. 감사합니다!!!
This was the best experience for me, I always wanted to learn Korean and this course gave me the opportunity to start my journey to learn this beautiful language. I'm really grateful to the people who initiated this course.
I loved this course so much! I wish their was a Learn to Speak Korean 2, I would pay for it. The professor delivered the material in a light and easy to understand way and I really liked how the lessons built on each other.
Very easy to follow and understand, as long as you have a strong understand of the alphabet beforehand! This course definitely helped me further my ability to put sentences together and understand more of the grammar rules.
I'm really happy with how 선생님 handled this course. It really teaches how to apply Korean in daily settings. I hope there would be another course soon and I'm looking forward to learning more from Yonsei University. 감사합니다!!
Aprendí a pronunciar mejor. Me sirvió a incorporar mejor la gramática y la conjugación verbal. Me ayudó a reforzar lo que ya sabía. ¡Muchas gracias por hacer contenido de este tipo! Se aprecia el esfuerzo y la dedicación.
La metodología del curso me pareció muy buena, con videos cortos y concisos, bien estructurados con una parte de vocabulario, una de gramática y una de ejemplos. Además del material extra que es muy útil. Muchas gracias!!
Las clases son muy fáciles de seguir, ya que el ritmo es bastante moderado. Se habla sobre vocabulario, gramática y diálogo. La teoría está muy bien explicada e incluso hay ejercicios para practicar lo dado en las clases.
I have learned much useful grammar and vocabulary that has seriously improved all aspects of my speaking. If you want a simple curriculum to learn from that engages you in real-life situations, this is the course for you.
The course outline is very organized and the teacher speaks English very clearly. I've enjoyed the videos of the dialogues so much. Thank you Yonsei University and I am excited for Level 2 course. I hope to see you again.
me encanto el curso; es muy practico y dan ejemplos del diario vivir, los vídeos son fáciles de entender, se los recomiendo a las personas que no solo quieran aprender el coreano, si no también conocer algo de su cultura.
I really like and enjoy to follow your course but do you know, if by chance, there will be some Mooc's (maybe more advanced) in French. I wish you all the best and look forward discovering the "Learn to Speak Korean 2.0".
i loved the interactive speaking and pronunciation help, also the real native speaking dialogue helps as well. Because for me the easiest was reading it and speaking but harder to understand what the listener was saying.
This course is amazing! I learn much, and I understand much better all the words in Korean.Thank you so much Yonsei University for this course. I hope can have one course more for continue and finish learn Korean.고맙습니다!
It was very easy to understand but at the same time, it was fun learning the language. Many examples were given in each module which was useful in helping me understand the contexts in which the terms/verbs can be used.
she is the best teacher,she explains so well you sure will understand the lessons.I personally learned a lot.By the end of this course ,speaking writing and understanding skills are both developed.THANK YOU SO MUCH 선생님
Me agradó mucho este curso, aprendí lo básico de gramática, mejoré mi pronunciación y además al tomar apuntes me ayudó con la escritura.Muchas gracias y felicidades por elaborar un material tan bueno y de fácil acceso.
I thoroughly enjoyed the different topics offered in the course. The modules were very fun, interesting, helpful, and easy to follow. The lecture videos along with the lecture guides and quizzes were well constructed.
Aprendí el alfabeto durante mi adolescencia, después de tantos años decidí continuar con el aprendizaje y me siento muy satisfecha con este curso. Desearía que realizaran uno intermedio y avanzado. Muchísimas gracias!
The lectures are very useful and are sufficient. However, the students should really work hard to study on their own. There are other online sources for practice by using common words being used by loca감사합니다 선생님! 화이팅!
This course was very helpful in learning Korean grammar and improving my vocabulary. The explanations were easy to understand. This will definitely help me even when I self study in the future. Thank you very much!
I enjoyed the class very much and I am looking forward into studying more. My goal is to be able to speak it fluently by the time I go to visit South Korea Thank you Professor Sang Mee Han for your effort and time.
It's a great course for starting to learn korean language. I'm so applicated for your dedicated to make this course for everyone. I hope I will see the next espisode about korean language from your team. 고마워요. 선생님.
The lessons are really easy to follow. I like how they are catered for common daily activities that a tourist in Korea would use. It definitely gave me the confidence to speak in Korean when I visit Korea one day!
I love the teacher and being able to hear multiple dialects from the various students. This is my second course with Yonsei through the Coursera platform, I hope that there will be another section after this one!
Really great course. Thank you to the teacher for making it easy and explaining it well, language is hard to teach through a computer screen but this course combines the essentials, making it the best it can be.
the course is very instructive towards every day tasks and very helpful when it comes to getting acquainted with Korean culture. Also it is very understanding of busy schedules and can be adapted easily. Bravo!
This course is good for everyone who want to learn Korean language specially for beginner level or who don't have any knowledge about this. The lesson are easy to understand and remember. you will happy for it.
I really enjoyed the course and I wish you had more Korean lessons. I learned a lot! It is very well organized, the instructor is very clear and to the point and I liked the length and content of each lesson
This is a very well structured and presented course. The teaching staff is very responsive to questions. I really enjoyed the course and hope that there will be additional MOOCs produced for learning Korean.
Thoroughly enjoyed learning with Prof. Han. Korean grammar was what I was focusing on the most, with its numerous conjugations. I'm glad I went through this course. My confidence has increased. Thank you!
I liked this course very much  .Content was very useful, understandable and will be definitely helpful for me in future 😀💜.It was fun, learning with such an amazing  tutor miss.Sang Mee Han thank you.
This course was really helpful. I was able to understand the Korean grammar perfectly because the teacher explained it very well. The exercises and the videos were also interesting. Thank you very much!
Maravilhoso curso de coreano. Tem um jeito simples e fácil de aprender. Apesar de ter um jeito tradicional não é cansativo de aprender.선생님 감사해요. Yonsei University 감사해요. Comunidade Coursera 감사해요.안녕히 계십시오
I really liked this course because I could practice some vocabulary that I had forgotten. I have been studying Korean for one year and this course it is perfect to improve some grammar and vocabulary.
Its a very good course for beginners who have an idea of how to read and write hangeul the examples and demonstrations were easy to understand and remember. This also gives you a good vocabulary base!
I really enjoy this course. It gave me more access to the Korean Language and hence understand it more. I love the pace and the learning materials. I wish there is more level to this course. Thank You
Very instructive class you directly see result every class make you learn something new that you can use daily so it keep you motivated ! thank you so much I hope there will be a second course !
Me encanto mucho este curso,lo recomiendo para las personas que quieren saber más sobre la cultura coreana,más vocabulario(entre otras cosas).Les agradezco mucho ya que aprendi más sobre Corea.
Había buscado opciones así durante un tiempo, así que estaba muy emocionada cuando encontré este curso. Me ayudó muchísimo, la información es muy clara y fácil de entender. Muchas gracias :)
Thanks to Coursera I was able to continue learning the Korean language, I thank the yonsei university and the teachers for the great work they do to teach us effectively the Korean language.
I love it!!! was easy for me understood  all the teacher said. She explain so well and i like so much that i had activities where i could practice the lessons. I want other course like this.
This course was very helpful for me as a beginner speaker. Now I know basic phrases and words how to express my wish or something I want to say to native korean people. Thank you very much!
Great class !!! Thanks to coursera staff and Yonsei University teachers. Thanks for the good videos, for find a methodology easy to learn the idiom. I enjoyed so much the workbook material.
This course is perfect for those who want to improve their way in learning Korean, the material is easy to understand and the instructor explains in a way that you can follow the lectures.
what I like the most is that thy explain it in the simplest way possible, and sometimes new languages are already complicated enough to do the teaching - learning process more complicated.
이 한국말 을 좋아해요. 고맙습니다 . Thank you so much for preparing this course. I've learned a lot Korean words and grammar. I can even type in Korean now. The journey has been very fun and fruitful!
This lesson helped me a lot! I would love to learn more and more Korean lessons. Thank you for having this lesson online. I hope Yonsei university will have more course to study online.
It's a well structured course. Definitely would recommend it to people with huge interest in Korean language and Korea's culture. Hopefully, there would "Learn to Speak Korean 2" soon.
Es un curso muy completo y fácil de digerir el cual, sí cumple con los objetivos de aprendizaje. Lo recomiendo 100% a toda las personas que se interesen realmente en aprender coreano.
this course is really informative and helpful. it gives me basic information and set the foundation for me to learn Korean. The pronunciation of the professor is clear too. Thank you!
Muy útil. Cantidad de vocabulario y gramática explicada de forma sencilla pero efectiva. Gran avance con pocas lecciones. Además encuentro muy útil las partes de speaking y listening.
I really enjoyed and liked the way Instructor taught us and it helped me, how to pronounce and read. Now my listening is also improving. Thanks a lot for giving me this opportunity.
Such a great course.  It takes you through the basic language elements.  Teacher and pupils really give it a human touch too.  Best natural language course I have taken on Coursera.
I am very satisfied with the course. The lesson is really comprehensive and help me to learn daily basic Korean. I am really anticipating for the next course from Yonsei University!
The course is so well-structured! All the lessons are dynamic and easy to understand. Loved the course, thank you so much for offering it. I hope you can offer us more levels soon.
I had fun from these lessons. I got so much knowledge. I didn't find any difficulty at all. It was really interesting and I hope I will learn more studies from next courses. 고맙습니다.
It was helpful and an easy to understand course for me. However it might be a little overwhelming for absolute beginners. The teacher explains very carefully. Notes were very good.
Easy to follow. Helped me a lot with vocabulary and sentence formation. I'm confident I can have an almost fully correct conversation in the taught subjects with a native speaker.
I am really happy and thank Prof. Sang Mee Han, YONSEI UNIVERSITY  and Coursera for providing such a nice course. It is really helpful to those who wish to learn Korean language.
thank you so much professor han sang mee i have progressed so much during this course.i want to continue learning korean .i hope there is a continution of this course. thank you.
This course is extremely helpful.  The explanation and examples are perfectly clear. Thanks to this course, now I am confident that I can speak better Korean next time. 정말 감사합니다!
Really useful and fun so far. The lesson is broken down in a manner such that you will learn new grammar and vocab for very module, but not to the point that it is overwhelming.
A great followup to First Step Korean. Challenging, although it is limited in scope enough so that you can memorize the key vocabulary. Thanks to our Yonsei friends! Fighting!
excelente curso, me encanto, el material es practico, entendible, serás capaz de entender de manera sencilla el idioma coreano, las lecciones están bien explicadas en el video
I think that this course was really helpful for a person like me as I  was able to understand almost everything. Also, I found the course very fun to do! Thank You!!감사합니다! :)
I've learned so much from this course and it helped me to improve my Korean. Thank you Coursera and Yonsei University for giving me this opportunity to learn Korean for free.
Great course! You will really learn how to speak, write, and use Korean language. This course is highly recommended after taking First Step Korean course. Thank you so much!
The professor is very good at explaining and the lecture notes provided are really helpful. I have to say I learn way faster and also understand better this way. Thank you.
Un curso muy completo, con una excelente maestra. Me gustaría que existiera un curso Speak Korean 2, 3, 4, 5 o bien un curso de preparación de TOPIK, sería una maravilla.
The explanation was very clear. The lessons include dialogues, reading, grammar, and vocabulary. Every lesson comes with its own material to continue learning.Thank you!
As the dialogs have korean and english subtitles and the instructor repeats every new word several times this course is super effective.Thanks to the instructor so much!
VERY USEFUL COURSE EVEN I SPEAK THE SPANISH LANGUAGE I COULD LEAERN MANY TOPICS, I'M VERY GRATEFUL WITH YONSEI UNIVERSITY I HOPE TO GO SOMEDAY AND GIVE THANKS PERSONALLY
The way to learn Korean from videos, conversation of real speakers, and interactive moments of foreign students is really creative!!I enjoyed a lot, thanks to the staff!
It's a good couse but for me it was very revisional for things that I learnt alone. But for people that are starting in grammar is verry good, it was a cool experience.
The teaching materials prepared are very easy to follow. However, more exercises provide would be better for practice purpose. Looking forward for more advance module !
Excelente curso me gustaría que se incluya la pronunciación ya que hay palabras que resulta un poco dificil saber como se pronuncia por ejemplo chingu=amigo amoni=mamá
Coursera is a very good application, it supports the student in his choices, and it offers a variety of courses. It has helped me a lot, and I will continue to use it.
The course is very well articulated, It does feel difficult sometimes. Do take "step 1 for Korean. I learned a lot I hope i can use it more often to improve my Korean.
Learn a lot from the videos. Thanks all the people who have contributed to this. The lecturer explained very clearly too. Hope to see more and more Korean course here.
Yonsei's online course is the most helpful Korean program I have worked with, and has allowed me to further my Korean speaking, reading, and writing skills. Thank you!
The whole course was very enjoyable and made very easy to follow. I was able to learn how to form sentences and the essential parts were explained clearly. A++ course!
This courses is very easy to understand.The presentation slide explanation is very clear and the quiz session is test about my understanding about topic I've learned.
This course is helping me to practice and starting speaking Korean. I'm really enjoyable with this course. It's really clear what teacher explain. I'm so appreciated.
This course has helped my Korean so much. I am understanding how to make sentences more comfortably and that is essential to my language learning success. 감사합니다, 선생님!
Hello. I hope you would offer more advanced courses on Korean and even the TOPIK. I really enjoyed this course! Thank you for making it accessible all over the world.
I enjoyed learning with this course. I learned a lot on forming sentences. I wish the dialogue would be clearer. There were a lot of hiss noise during the dialogues.
I loved this lesson plan and it allowed me to learn new vocab and grammar points that I didn't fully understand yet! Wonderful plan that I would recommend to anyone!
Really enjoyed this course, the content learnt can be used in different situations. I just wish the tests at the end had bit a little more difficult and more varied.
its good course, but will be better if written the way how we need to read the hangeul (incase any difference of pronunciation also will be great to be highlighted)
It is extremely helpful for people who wish to either visit or stay in Korea. The course is designed so that it is easy to follow and useful for daily conversation.
Lots of listening comprehension with the dialogues at the end. I liked how well the grammar points were explained. ANd there was a lot of new vocabulary every week.
ESTOY ENCANTADA CON EL CURSO, APRENDI DEMASIADO, TIENE LAS CLASES MUY BIEN EXPLICADAS, TIENEN UNA ENSEÑANZA FENOMENAL, FUE MUY BUENO PARA MI APRENDIZAJE DE COREANO
It's practical and thoroughly explained, although most of the content were known in various sources yet it wasn't boring to revise. Thank you for the great effort.
I am not beginner-level learner. However, I did enjoy taking this course to review what I have learnt from my university. Hope to see Learn to Speak Korean 2 soon!
Me gustó mucho el curso! ❤️El haber agregado alumnos de otros países estudiando Coreano en la Universidad de Yonsei me pareció fabuloso, lo sentí más interactivo.
This course is recommended for someone who wants to expand their Korean vocabulary and also how to create sentences in Korean. The lecture is also very engaging!
very detailed explanation. the professor explains it very well and a lot of examples have been discussed. also the verb charts and workbooks are really helpful.
감사합니다 선생님, 저는 많이 배워요!!!.... This course was very useful for me! It would be great to offer the next level for those who like me want to continue learning Korean
I have learned many things from this course even most of the part is new for me. I enjoyed the course. I would like to have more courses in the Korean Language.
This course is really good and easy to understand words in Korean and speaking Korean. So, I really recommend this course for who want to start to learn Korean.
Thank you so much for the great job! My Korean skills have been improved a lot thank to your lessons. Every lesson is very detailed and well - prepared.   감사합니다
I really enjoyed this class, as I already have some understanding of the Korean language. This course taught me phrases to use in different parts of daily life!
I would never know that learning foreign language can be too easy If I would not take this course.The course content is very nicely organized so easy to follow.
这个课程是在我自学2级之后却依然无法开口讲韩语的情况下进行学习的.在进行到第四课的学习时,外出进行简单的生活沟通时,已经可以开口表达自己的需求和想法,并且能得到正确的反馈.我知道我终于可以开口讲韩语了,所以真心的感谢延世大学给予的学习机会,我真的很认真的进行了学习,并且课程非常的简单,但对于我的帮助非常的大.再次感谢
In the demonstration it shows a white man talking korean which kinda gives faith for everyone who is not korean and everything is very clear ***highly suggest.
Excelente toda la gramática fue interesante y  oportuna, aprendí mucho, espero que realicen otros cursos de coreano en donde se pueda continuar con el proceso.
me encanto, el método de enseñanza es perfecto para nosotros los principiantes, la forma en la que hablan es clara y nos ayuda demasiado con la pronunciación
Solid introductory course. The review lessons at the end of each module were great for putting all the vocab and grammar together. I wish there was a part 2!
I thank Prof. Sang Mee Han wholeheartedly for conducting this course. It was extremely helpful, and perfectly paced. Absolutely loved and enjoyed the course.
If you really wat to learn about Korean, not only the language but also some of their food and daily life, it's a good course for you and highly recommend it
Amei fazer esse curso, é um ótimo começo para quem quer começar a aprender coreano, posso dizer que meu vocabulário, listening e speaking melhoram MUITOOOO.
Las explicaciones y el material de apoyo, así como los quiz y los videos son de muy buena ayuda. Además de que se basan en situaciones de la vida cotidiana.
It is a course that is easy to learn because of the way in which the teacher explained each module. The learning didactics are very good, I really liked it.
I learned many things and also enjoyed learning how to speak Korean through this course. I hope to enroll again soon in Learn To Speak Korean 2. Thank you.
Es un curso muy completo para comenzar a aprender coreano, además puedes desarrollar habilidades básicas para hablar en el día a día de ámbitos cotidianos.
Учить Корейский язык не легко, постараюсь исправить все своей ошибки. Все составлена замечательно, я много на учила. Следующий раз подготовлюсь по крепче !
It was really easy and fun to learn this language. And the teacher's way of teaching was really appreciable. It wasn't that hard as I had thought it to be.
Wonderful course that really helps to improve your listening and speaking abilities. Would recommend highly to anyone who wants to practice in these areas.
I'm pretty happy with this course. I took a group class in person and could not keep up, but this allowed me to go at my own pace and study in my own time.
I think this course is so great!! I know vocabulary and grammar more than past. Actually, my English skill is not good but I can listen and understand it.
This course really helped me to begin understanding sentence structure and forming full sentences in Korean! It also is great for learning new vocabulary.
The phrases and words in this course are useful and can be used in daily conversations.  The lessons were in the right pace, I had no trouble catching up.
Thank you! This course advanced my skills in Korean. I appreciate your efforts and those of your students. I am better not than when I started. 대단히 감사합니다.
This is a great course! It helped me a lot and I'm sure it will help a lot of people who want to learn Korean, I wish there was a Learn to Speak Korean 2
I really like the teacher Sang Mee Han and her students! Teacher Sang Mee Han is a great teacher! Wish we had more courses with her! Thank you very much!
This was a very informative and enjoyable course to take. I learned a lot in this course and look forward to using this information when I come to Korea!
This is the first time I have actually experienced that my Korean is starting to improve gradually.Thank you so much, and I am looking forward to Level 2
I had previous Korean Language knowledge but this course really helped me polish some conversation and vocabulary skills, while also learning new things.
I really enjoy it, it was easy to understand, have good practices, help me a lot with my basic studies, hope you open soon more Korean levels or courses
Un curso excelente.. Las clases explicada super bien.. Los temas desmenuzados de forma que todo sea bien comprendido.. Me encanto y lo super recomiendo
I really think this course let me advance much more in learning Korean. I'm still interested in continuing more courses, if they ever become available.
I really wanted to learn Korean and this course really helped me .I am so happy about it.I really want to thank the instructor.Kamsamnida sunsaengnim.
I gained a deeper and clearer understanding on the sentence construction and grammar after this course. Wish Yonsei come out with intermediate course!
This course is very helpful for those who want to learn Korean. The instructor is also speak English very clear, so it easy to understand the lessons.
Excelente curso para adquirir los conocimientos basicos de una manera facil y sencilla, sin llegar a frustrarse en el camino, totalmente recomendable.
Step by step additional vocabulary , grammar , listening and dialogue made me clearly understand how to use Korean language in everyday life.  감사합니다.
The teacher is good and the pace is nice. I am just sad there is no "Learn to Speak Korean 2", but I hope they will do it in the future.THANKS!!!!!!!
This course has helped me get a better understanding on the foundation of speaking Korean. If you are beginning this is a great course to start with.
Thoroughly enjoyed it, sorry it's over.  Will be revising the material covered and memorising the vocabulary whilst awaiting the next one! Thank you.
I learned a lot taking this course! It was a really helpful start to my learning journey. I hope that they offer more in depth courses in the future!
Great course! I am in Korea now and using everything I learned. Also it's great that I can go back and use the Vocabulary lists for reference! Thanks
thank you so much yonsei university to give me an opportunity to learn korean. actually, i really enjoy the class, see u next time in another class!
It's very nice cours's I learning korean korean is very beautiful language I love korean language and i love south korea. 💜💜💜♡THANK YOU COURSERA♡
Thank you so much for providing such a wonderful, easy to follow, well delivered Learn to Speak Korean 1.  I really enjpyed it and am very grateful.
This is a great course. I enjoyed taking it and it was very helpful in learning the basics of Korean and having somewhere to start with my learning.
It was a pleasure participating in this class.  I hope to participate in it again in the future, as a more veteran of a Korean speaker.  Thank you!!
I really enjoyed working through each module and building on the weekly grammar point.Well presented and explained. Very practical course. Thank you
Really good and practical course for people wanting to learn korean. Is good to have exercises with day life sentences i can use if i go to Korea.
I have learned a lot through this course. Beginners like me can follow well, not too fast nor too slow. It is very much helpful for me! Thank you!
Really helpful for beginner who want to start learning korean. Thank you Yonsei. I hope there's another free lesson like this in the near future.
La explicación es bastante detallada, permitiéndote entender bien el tema, además de que cuenta con  mucho material para practicar lo aprendido.
I really enjoyed this course, I wish there more like this. I like how professional, easy to use and how the modules were relevant for learning.
this course helps me a lot to maintain the language of korea into my head , other course in other websites don't work for me as much as this do
Я очень благодарна! Спасибо за ваши навыки и чуткость, за труд. Я получила очень много полезных навыков. Надеюсь это пригодится мне в будущем!
I found this course super helpful in advancing my self taught skills. The grammar is where I struggle and this course really helped with that!
The best korean teaching ever. the video included are so interested and funny. I like the idea. thank you for giving a chance to learn korea.
The course was very clear and well structured. It did help to improve my Korean knowledge.It's a shame that there isn't the following module.
Very very helpfull! I will very much miss sitting down at the evenings learning ! I wish they made another one tho, im very thankfull anyway!
Very happy and positive about taking this course builds up my confidence about speaking hanguel language and very good material for learning.
I COMPLETELY LOVE THE STUDENTS VIDEOS.. ONE OF THE MOST FUN AND INCREDIBLE LESSONS I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED. PLEASE UPLOAD NEXT COURSE LEVEL.
Amazing course.  The workbook was very helpful for a beginner in Korean like me.  I appreciate a lot the quality of the videos and exercises
Me gustó y aprendí mucho. Lo recomiendo pues amplia tu vocabulario. Ahora podré hablar con personas coreanas y responder preguntas sobre mi.
It was amazing I've been able to understand so many things and even learning more  Thank you very much and that you will make part 2 of it .
The modules were very clear and very helpful. It was very easy to understand, also the instructor and example videos were very informative.
Fue un curso muy divertido y útil para mi desarrollo en el idioma (Coreano); en verdad lo disfrute :D Muchas gracias por subir el curso!!!!
I can improve my Korean language skill with this course. I suggest everyone who have basic skill in Korean language to enroll this course.
Amazing course! Thank you for the clear examples, explanations and additional material. A huge thanks to everyone involved in the project!
The Professor was great, the course was informative and very enjoyable. The information learned will be very  useful for my upcoming trip.
I enjoyed this short course. It tackled a lot if particles and help me formulate sentences better. Even help me get a grip on the numbers!
I like the structure and the examples in each class. I hope this continues for a Korean 2. Both Yonsei Korean courses have been very good.
The course is  great! the teacher provides good explanation and examples. 감사합니다. I hope we can have more Korean courses in this platform.
It was really fun learning Korean with this course. My only struggle was my slow internet connection that wouldn't play videos most days.
El contenido del curso y los recursos utilizados, han sido de mucha utilidad para entender y ampliar mi conocimiento en cuanto el idioma.
most of students are foriegners so every one expecting easy to advanced method to learn this programme, and this is well designed to them
As my opinion it was a perfect course the videos and also the PDF files were really useful to methanks for providing such a great course
¡Genial! Me considero afortunado al haber hecho el curso elaborado por la Universidad de Yonsei. Muchas gracias, he aprendido muchísimo.
It is a really fun experience to learn with this course! It makes me consistently learn 5 days a week (sometimes I do more than 5 days)
Very informative and well structured with lots of speaking practice. Also has a lot of information about the grammar which is great 😁
It’s such an useful course. I have learnt a lot since I did enjoy learning Korean. Thanks for those great lessons and your supporting.
Easy to follow and understand the content from the lecture videos. The worksheets also helped us self-learn about the korean language.
It does feel a bit slow at times but this allows me to study the course perfectly from beginning to end. Perfect course for beginners!
Awesome course. It help me a lot learning Korean. Thank you so much to all the people who gave their efforts especially the professor.
This course is amazing,I love it,please move on more,maybe learn to speak korean 2 or 3 or4,thank you so much for this free education.
Very good introduction to the Korean language. It was a massive help for me especially prior to coming to Korea for an exchange study.
easy to understand. even though i learned to read hangul years ago but this course helped me to understand sentences and words better
Es un curso muy bueno, he aprendido muchoDeberían hacer un curso más avanzado para así seguir aprendiendo este idioma tan interesante
It's very informative and it teaches practical sentences and expressions that I think would be very useful when speaking to Koreans.
Un muy buen curso para personas principiantes, me encantó. Lo recomiendo mucho, tener varias oraciones de ejemplo son de gran ayuda.
I could say this is one of the most useful courses that I ever take!.As the last one FSK 'til now it has been an amazing experience.
Very good course. It covers most important grammar points and communication functions to speak Korean in several useful situations.
Thank you even if I'm here to learn this course for free but I 'm very impressed. Ilike the lesson u teach. it's easy to understand
Esta excelente vas completando cada lección con lo aprendido y en todo momento usas el vocabulario que vas aprendiendo para unirlo.
It was a very helpful course.The method of teaching and the illustrations really helped me in improving my Korean speaking skills.
Excellent! You will learn casual/ every day conversation from speaking about hobbies to asking prices or ordering food. Thank you!
Really help me to improve !!! I hope that it will any next Learn to Speak Korean after the Learn to Speak Korean 1. Gamsahamnida.
Excelente curso online, aunque como tengo dificultad auditiva me cuesta mucho oir la pronunciacioón.. pero del resto excelente...
I enjoyed this course - I feel I've improved my abilities in understanding written & spoken Korean, as well as reading it better.
The course is easy to understand and navigate. Each lesson is really clear and divided into sections, so it is not overwhelming.
Very good has helped me out a lot and am enjoying taking to and understanding my friends as well as business clients and family.
Thank you Coursera and Prof. Sang Mee Han. I learned a lot from this Korean Course. It is very beneficial in my Korean studies.
I learned a lot from this course. It will help you understand Korean grammar and pronunciation even more. Thank you very much!
Thanks Yonsei University for these incredible lessons! All they were really useful to improve my Korean. Thanks a lot again!
Very good course. Explanations are very clear and the structure of the course makes it easier to understand Korean Language.
This is an amazing course that is well-designed and includes various real conversations for practicing. I am really into it.
Such a nice experience to learn about other foreign language. I hope there will be the next level of this course. Thank you.
Es un curso que muy útil porque pone ejemplos útiles para situaciones cotidianas. Altamente recomendado para principiantes.
감사합니다 연세대학교! I learned a lot and I hope my Korean keeps improving over the time! This course was such an amazing beginning.
This course was really intersting and it helpsed me understand grammer and improve my speaking skills. Thank you very much!
Easy to get through, the learning materials are easy to use and follow along with the lecture videos. 10/10 would recommend
Very detailed explanations, great review or information learned in each module. Easy to follow and makes learning very fun.
This course is amazing.  Very organized and easy to understand.  If there is ever another level, i would take it for sure.
fue un curso muy entretenido, puedo entender, leer y escuchar cosas en coreano sin que las traduzca al inglés y al español
Formidable j ai beaucoup aimé merci mile merciMais sil vous plait continuez a traduire les cours pour nous le francophones
Is a very useful course and with better translation than the previous one, I hope they can do more courses, I love yonsei!
Good explanation, helpful staff in the forums, easy to understand and good studying mateterial. I hope you open a level 2
I love the course, thanks so much for making it, Yonsei is a beautiful university, maybe in the future i could get in. <3
Me gustó mucho el curso, me gustaría que hubiera otra parte. I really liked this course, I would like to take a 2nd part
Fortalecí mis conocimientos básicos de Coreano, fue un curso muy útil y con una metodología que facilitó el aprendizaje.
It was easy to understand and I learned a lot. It felt like a hobby more than a class, which made me want to do it more.
Its a great course to learn to speak everyday basic korean. Great basic, the course really helped me get better at this
I really like how the lecturer teaches us! I recommend you to take this class to begin your Korean language learning!!!
First of all i want to Thank you! for all staff and teacher This course is help a lot to understand how to speak korean
I cannot stress how perfectly structured this course is. It was an easy to grasp and unforgettable experience for me!!
Me gustó la forma de abarcar cada tema y los ejemplos que nos ponían, es una buena manera para afianzar lo aprendido.
This is my second course here at Yonsei. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn  the korean language.
Really enjoy to learn Korean. Lecture note, workbook and vocabularies lists are also helpful for me to study Korean.
THANKS TO THIS COURSE I LEARNED AND GAINED KNOWLEDGE TO PLACE THEM IN PRACTICE IN MY DAILY LIFE AND IN MY WORKPLACE.
This was a great course. Very well structured. I will go back through the lessons to really hon in on the learnings.
I loved it! I think it's a great course for beginners to start learning Korean more in-depth. I highly recommend it.
Excelente curso, para los que ya sabemos lo básico de hangul, ésta es la oportunidad para aprender frases completas.
Well paced, I particularly liked the precise explanations about the grammar, and the exceptions to the common rules.
The course provides tremendous help in improving everyday Korean conversations. Extremely detailed and Interactive.
I wish there's more exercise and advance level of this course. I am very to learn this course thank you very much.
Dear, Sang Nee Han. I really enjoyed from your amazing lessons and you thought me successfully. Thank you so much.
Aprendes tantas cosas y de la manera mas sencilla, la maestra explica todo muy bien y me encanta que den ejemplos.
I have learned a lot of everyday conversation with video clips. I am looking forward to "Learn to Speak Korean 2".
Wonderful course. I recommend it to anyone who wants a working knowledge of Korean grammar and sentence structure.
Es muy bueno, se hace fácil de entender, y sirve para entender muchas cosas del nivel mas básico. Muy Recomendable
I It was a really grateful experience, I learnt a lot and I really enjoyed! Thank you for these fantastic course!
This course made me understand basic Korean and this is a first strong step to learn more advance Korean language
Very clear and equips you with the basic that you might need to get around Korea while on holiday. :) Thank you!
It is sutable for the beginners or whom want to travel to Korea, the vocablaries and dialogue are really useful.
I really like the Yonsei's university cousers I would like if there are more courses about korean thanks anyways
Simple and very easy-to-follow course. I enjoyed  a lot while learning through this course.Thank  you very much!
I rated 5/5 because the course is easy to understand. The teacher and students did very well in their dialogues.
It was very good to learn and reinforce Korean basics! it has audio, and exercises, it's very complete. Thanks!
Excellent course to learn and speak korean with corresponding real life situation videos. Professor is amazing.
The Instructor was very easy to understand.  I enjoyed this course very much and look forward to learning more.
I personally think I learned new vocab words and how to create more sentences and it will help me in the future
This course is perfectly designed for everyday usage of Korean language. This video clips are very interesting.
Excelent course. You learn lots of vocabulary and lessons are very useful. Waiting for Learn to Speak Korean 2!
Very nice explanation. I liked a lot videos with examples. Nice real-life conversation composition. Thank you!
Great course, bit complicated if you do not have the basics vefore starting it, otherwise it's a great course.
This course helped me to improve my skills and to develop new concepts in Korean. Thanks for this opportunity!
It is a perfect opportunity to learn Korean.I really appreciate Coursera and this language course.Thank you :)
helps  me so much to understand things I never thought I would be able to understand about the Korean language
This class let me learn more about Korean after the class "First Step Korean", thanks for this advanced class.
Thank you so much, this is a very useful course. :) Korean is an amazing language and you make it even better.
Very impressive, understandable and important course to learn Korean. Thanks, Yonsei University and Coursera.
Thank you so much for this course. It's so usefull to me. Hope there is course Learn to Speak Korean 2. 감사합니다
The dialog and speaking practice really help me to comprehend the conversation more. Thank you for the course
I really enjoy taking this course but it was not an easy ride. Some works were really difficult to pronounce.
What I like the most about this course were the hints, how to pronounce words, which are written differently.
Very helpful Korean vocabulary and sentences for daily use. The grammar part is clear and easy to understand.
I learnt a lot from this course. Thank you Yonsei University for giving me this opportunity to learn Korean.
Thanks Ma’am Sang Han, team and Younsei University for this wonderful course! Lots of Love from Pakistan🇵🇰
Easy to follow lessons and the PDF's available are really good, I would love to have Learn to Speak Korean 2
It can get boring sometimes. But maybe it's because of my short attention span. But is a good Korean course.
Very enjoyable. The course modules were designed in a straightforward manner and made learning easy and fun.
Very good, i have learnt quite a few korean words and this helps me to be able to better understand korean.
I loved this course.  I'll probably retake it again to go back and refresh my fluency. It's a great course!
I have learnt a lot with this course. I enjoy it and hope to have more course of Yonsei University. Thanks.
Un curso muy bueno espero que saquen una segunda parte,pero muy buena la informacion. Aprendí muchas cosas.
Easy to understand and take note the grammar/ pronunciation remarks. Easy to remember as well. Very useful!
It is so beneficial. I am glad to  being here , Thank you all of you, I have learnt a lot of things. 감사합니다
I've learned a lot of new things and vocab and i really had fun throughout the course. Thank you so much.
A very helpful and short course to get you going with the essentials (Ps. You should learn hangul first!)
All the lectures, notes, vocabularies and worksheets were very useful in easy learning and understanding.
Amazing Course! The instructor is sweet and it was fun learning with her. The way she teaches is awesome!
Me parece una herramienta muy buena para mejor en Coreano, te enseñan muchas cosas basicas e importantes.
muchas gracias aunque no se mucho ingles es una motivación para aprender ingles y coreano al mismo tiempo
I really like that course. It give me a lot. Thank you instructor. Waiting for your new course on Korean.
It was a really good and interesting course. I found it challenging and funny. Definitely 5 stars worth!
I really loved this course and i learned and understood many things that i did not know Really thank you
Very detailed and easy. The program was very well organized. I would take this course over again, 10/10.
there are too much to learn but the course´s designe help you to get it easy. so far, i really enjoy it!
It was easy to understand. Lecture Notes, Worksheets and videos helped to understand and clarify doubts.
very very helpful practice what you study and there is guarantee that you will do well than you expected
I enjoyed and trie to take advantage of the course to the fullest! Thank you so much, Yonsei University.
it is a very essential and enjoyable course. I do love it a lot. I believe it is really useful and fun!
I really liked it, it's a good course and for sure even those who do not have a lot of free time can do
Muy bueno, tiene muy buen material de apoyo y las explicaciones hacen que sea más sencillo comprenderlo
Me gustó mucho cada clase ya que eran cortas y concisas especialmente las que tenían mucho vocabulario
The course was very helpful in simplifying a lot of the grammar rules that I found difficult to grasp.
very good course and excellent teachers ! Hope they will go on teaching to upper levels .Valli Lovatto
Nice pace, clear explanations, and well-designed for online learning.  This course was perfect for me!
It's an excellent course to start in the Korean language. It helped me a lot so I truly recommend it.
Wow.....I felt over the moon to completed this course.  한국어 공부는 어려워요, 하지만 아주 재미있어요.....        화이팅  .
Very fun and useful course. I hope they have Learn to Speak Korean 2 so that I can continue studying.
Thank you, this course was very useful. I was able to practice Korean and also learn some new things.
Thanks to this course I was able to enhance my knowledge further in the field of the Korean language.
I actually learned something with this course. I just wish it could continue, so I could learn more!
It was really easy to catch up and view my progress! Lessons were easy to understand too. Thank you!
EXCELENTE... ME ENSEÑO MUCHAS COSAS NUEVAS Y A REAFIRMAR MIS CONOCIMIENTOS BASICOS...MUCHAS GRACIAS
Excelente, me encantó cursarlo y aprendí mucho. Me encantaría que pusieran otros cursos de coreano.
Highly recommended -- I really appreciated the high production quality and the attention to detail.
The course is really helpful! It is very well organised! I'm waiting for LEARN TO SPEAK KOREAN 2 :)
Commendable videos. Concepta are well explained. I love this course! It's easy to learn. Thank you!
Es un muy buen curso que muestra gramática, pronunciación me gustaría que hubiera una continuación
I enjoyed to refresh my skills. The course reminded me of my exchange year back in 2007 at Yonsei.
Es un curso maravilloso, con excelentes ayudas y muy práctico, espero con ansias el segundo nivel.
I AM VERY HAPPY, THIS COURSE IS AMAZING BUT THE KOREAN IS DIFFICULT.AMAZING WORK. CONGRATULATIONS
Excellent foundation for learning and speaking the Korean Language. Highly recommend this course.
iam learn a lot from this course. the teach way is very simple, so easy to understand the lesson.
Really great course! I recommend for those wanting to learn more than just the basics. Thank you!
Muy bueno, enseña sobre muchos temas diferentes y la instructora es buena con las explicaciones.
Easy to understand and really practical. Thanks for the course and I really enjoyed learning it!
Thanks a lot. I loved how they introduced the vocabulary and the dialogues. I'm really thankful.
Gracias por la oportunidad de aprender Coreano en medio de la Cuarentena desde mi país COLOMBIA
This is a good choice to learn Korean. This course is easy to learn and I really enjoyed it. !!
I've learned so much! I'll take it for a life! Really an extraordinary course! Congratulations!
This course is very informative and I feel that I have advanced in my Korean language learning.
Learnt so much more and am encouraged to do more Korean! Can't wait for a new course to arrive!
Fun course and challenging for an old guy like myself.  Keeps my mind active.   Thanks so much.
Excellent course about Korean. You will need to study seriously for this course and it's great.
It was a really helpful and interesting course! I learned a lot and I definitely recommend it.
Great for expanding vocab. Helped me with some of my pronunciations, writing has improved too.
I enjoyed this course because it gave me the opportunity to see non Koreans speaking fluently.
Very good for basics on Korean to understand real life examples and basic sentence structures
The course was delivered in a very good way of communication. Easy to understand the lecture.
Un buen curso, tiene una buena metodología para que puedas aprender y tomar notas, me encantó
I can understand more languages ​​by practicing vocabulary and learning about Korean culture.
Very good course for people who starts learning Korean and already know the Hangul characters
This was a really fun course and it made learning and understanding the material really easy.
the course is designed to be very interesting and fundamental. enough practices for pronouns.
my Korean language skills have gradually improved and learning is very easy to understand ❤❤
This curse is excellent for learning korean, you will enjoy it while learning something new.
aunque tuve dificultades pero aprendí mucho de todas lecciones y tengo que seguir estudiando
Thank you yonsei university, it's helped me a lot in korean. I will wait for korean part 2.
Found the instructor to be very lively. Particularly liked the dialogues and conversations.
I recommend this course, since I learned a variety of words and sentences that we use daily
Me gusto mucho el curso. Explica muy bien y las actividades son muy entretenidas.  감사합니다 !!
Es un curso muy completo y fácil de entender.  Lo mejor es que tiene subtítulos en español.
감사합니다! Aprendí muchas palabras nuevas y me hizo disfrutar del idioma desde principio a fin.
Good course to improve step by step some parts of the korean language! I really enjoyed it!
my skills have improved a lot, thanks to this course I can speak fluently.Korean language.
Una experiencia muy gratificante y especial para las personas que quieren aprender coreano
An excellent course with an interesting pattern! Thank you very much for this opportunity!
Excellent, you did an amazing job, it was very helpful! Thank you a lot for this course :)
The course is very useful. The lesson and teaching method is very friendly to the learner.
Vastly interesting, informative and well designed lessons that helped my Korean immensely!
It's very easy to understand Korean with the explanation and very useful for the beginner.
what a great class to help you understand the basics of grammar and basic survival phrases
The course was easy and interactive. My speaking skills are definitely better than before
Workbooks and assignments can be more challenging, but overall helpful and easy to learn!
Muy interactivo y permite mejorar las habilidades de escritura, lectura, habla y escucha.
This course is so much helpful in terms of learning grammar and forming proper sentences.
Me encantó. Me ayudó a encaminarme en mi comienzo en el idioma coreano. Muchas gracias :)
Absolutely no issues with the course. Everything was detailed with clear explanations 😊!
I really enjoyed learning korean language.Thank you so much professor Sang Mee Han.감사합니다.
soooo great course!!!! I have learned so much from these wideos,especially those dialoge.
Хороший курс для того, чтобы разложить по полочкам основы грамматики и разговорной речи.
It is great, thanks to all who worked to make this course available I have learnt a lot.
This is a good opportunity if you really want to improve your Korean language knowledge.
Good lecture notes and Video, although video a bit fast.  Excellent content.  Thank you.
Buen curso de coreano, me gusto la forma en que dan las clases así como las traducciones
EXCELENTE!! Realmente me ayudo a comprender más gramática , vocabulario y pronunciación.
Es war super interessant und nützlich zum Lernen der koreanisch Sprache.Vielen Dank! :-)
It was an excellent course. I hope they provide a second course on learning Korean soon.
Fantastic course. Easy to follow, amazing materials and exercises. Great for beginners.
Excelente curso, muy buenas estrategias de enseñanza , he aprendido mucho en este curso
Excellent work, they taught me a lot, and i am able to gain knowledge about south korea
It's amazing. I'm learning so much. Thank you for this amazing course. ♥️I love Korean.
좋네오, 많은 것을 배웠어요, 저 한국어는 조금 이미 알았어요 그런데 많이 배웠어요! 어 네... 저는 아마 연세대학교 갈 수도있어요ㅎㅎ 또보세요 선생님!!
대박 :)  아주 좋아했어요.                                         선생님은 아주 좋은 사람입니다. 대단히 감사합니다 .
Muy buen curso para reforzar las nociones básicas de coreano y aprender más gramática
this course has helped me understand the korean language easily with no difficulties.
Learning Korean on this course is step by step and easy to understand. Great course!!
they explained it in easy way. i'm so exited to take another course from Yonsei Uni.
this course may be a bit fast but its content is very useful for new korean learners
An excellent course as an introduction to essential Korean grammar and conversation.
Easy to follow and very informative. Lots of examples and like to learn more if any
I really loved thus course. Thank you so much to the teacher, she helped me a lot !
Very useful for beginners. You can learn basic expressions: listening and speaking.
Aprendi demasiado al principio pensé que sea difícil pero fue muy fácil gracias ㅇㅇ
It was very informative, thank you so much. Waiting for (Learn to speak korean 2).
Excelente curso! Perfeccione mi conocimiento del idioma coreano. Muchas gracias!!!
It is a great course and I could learn much more about korean language. Thank you!
Completo, bien explicado y fácil de entender. Excelente material y curso. Gracias
I love this course. I higlly recommend this course to whoever is learning Korean!
Lessons are clear and comprehensive. Also, Samples are very useful. Thumbs up! 😊
I am so happy that I can continue to learning Korean. This course help me a lot.
Me encantó el curso. Muy buena disposición de los temas tratados. Los felicitos!
Los profesores son buenísimos. Explican todo de una manera sencilla y excelente.
Its so easy to understand the lessons. I learned so many things in this course.
Aprendí mucho la pronunciación del idioma muchas gracias  y escritura . gracias
Muy buen curso que explica excelente y con la paciencia necesaria para aprender
I have learn many skill from this course. Thanks a lot from bottom of my heart.
Very good ,i don’t know what to say but this is sooooo good 선생님 teach very nice
Es excelente. Además la profesora enseña de una manera muy fácil de comprender.
I hope there is a series Learn to speak Korean 1, 2, 3. That would make my day!
The best course. The teacher is amazing, you learn a lot because is not boring.
This course is awesome! It was great help to learn Korean Language. Thank you.
Excelente. Muy bien explicado y con muchos ejercicios para comprender aún más.
I have learn a lot from this class. Looking forward for next course.Thank you.
It' s good for beginner. I have knowledge more. Thank you so much to teach me.
Спасибо большое за такой потрясающе простой и доступный курс корейского языка!
apenas voy a comenzar el curso pero me encanta la idea de aprender mas coreano
El contenido del curso es muy completo y detallado. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.
This Is a Amazing , I'M Learning A Korean Communication , Reading & Writing .
Es muy bueno, me gusto demasiado me gustaría que hagan otro pero nivel dos uu
Thanks for this excellent experience now I can read and write korean language
I learned a lot of new things that I didn't know before. It's a great course!
I have learned not only 4 skills of Korean language but also Korean culture.
bien explicado y creo que es lo necesario para tener una conversación básica
Very good course for beginners to learn Korean language from the very basic.
I learn a lot during this course. It help me a lot when I go out. I love it!
Me ha ayudado muchísimo a aprender coreano, de una manera fácil y divertida.
it helped a lot, and I saw a lot of imrovement in my Korean in a short time!
Thank you very much for the opportunity, I improved a lot with this course.
Thank you for teachibg online. I feel excited to speak korean. Kamsahamnida
It was super helpful! This has definitely given me a lot of Korean practice
Great learning material, I really enjoyed this course! Thank you very much!
me gusto mucho y aprendí bastante, espero que sigan con el siguiente modulo
i liked this course very much. Hope to see your new courses soon!Thank you!
This course was extremely helpful in improving my spoken Korean abilities.
it was more than good and best... keep it up..i am waiting for next course
Very well-paced, clearly taught, and provided a lot of listening practice.
Good for beginners but way too easy for Intermediate to Advanced learners.
Me ayudó a la pronunciación y vocabulario, además de repasar la gramática.
Es un muy buen curso para aprender cosas básicas pro muy útiles del idioma
Ella es una excelente maestra, todas las clases fueron claras y precisas.
Perfeito eu amei , aprendir muito bem e melhor wue posso refazer as aulas
It's perfect for beginners trying to improve their korean language skill!
Wonderful modules, with good, clear explanations that are easy to follow.
Me gustó el curso, los subtitulos en español me ayudaron mucho. Gracias!!
Thank you for the course! The material was well introduced and practiced!
Very interresting and usefull. I have learnt a lot thanks to this course.
excellent course structure and great mentor to help you walk through it.
This was a great course and helped me a lot in learning to speak Korean.
This course made me can speaking writing reading and understanding more.
It was great!! i learned more about corean languaje and how to speak it.
I really enjoyed this class and can't wait for a Learn to Speak Korean 2
basic concepts so easy to learn, great teaching methods.  great overall.
Fueron uno de los mejores curso de idima que me encanto, Gracias I LOVE
Great course! Easy to understand. Would like to enroll more class here.
Sang mee han teacher speak slowly easy to understand. thank you so much
Simple, fácil, corto, preciso. Buenos tutores, presentes y resolutivos.
Very good course. I look forward to the next intermediate level course
I'm really thankfull for the course! I can improve my Korean. 수고했어습니다!
I really enjoy this course. It was full of useful tips and information
Cette leçon est très bon. J'ai étudié beaucoup de Coréen. Il me plait.
Clear and good explanation for beginners. Enjoy learning this course.
The teacher explain every lesson clearly so i can learn it quite well
I got a lot out of this course, and I like the way it was structured.
It was a wonderful continuation of first step. I hope a level 2 soon!
I am able to speak and write Korean now. Thank you for the lectures.
Examination moments are a little too simple, but lectures are great!
We are happy to learn Korean very difficult, the apprentice is loud.
Очень доступные объяснения для иностранцев. Спасибо за курс. 고맙습니다❤️
very helpful to me and I hope there'll be the sequels of this course
This course is really helpful to learn Korean language for beginner.
Well structured course with enough of practice for a beginner level.
i liked a lot, it helped me to undesrtand and indentify many words.
MAKES ME WANT TO MOVE TO KOREA AND STUDY MORE AT YONSEI! THANK YOU!
Easy to understand and can adapted to use in a daily life in Korea.
Me encanto el curso, en verdad aprendí vocabulario y frases nuevas.
Excellent course and so helpful in learning everyday conversations!
very good to learn korean. recommended. hoping for the next course
This course helps me understand the usage of Korean language more.
Enjoyed this course very much! Hopefully, there will be next part!
Excellent instructor and instruction.  Thank you for this course.
This course was really helpful for me to study Korean, thank you!
I love this course!  I would recommend this to any of my friends!
I absolutely loved this course. I wish there were more like this.
the course is very easy to understand. Short sentence but useful.
Cela m'a aidé à revoir tout ce que j'avais pu voir dans le passé!
Very complete and detailed, excellent for an introductory course.
Thanks you, Prof. Sang Mee Han. I learned a lot from this course.
this course will really  help your daily life in Korea someday ^^
Muy bueno. Gracias por darnos la oportunidad de hacer este curso.
With this course I was able to learn a lot of the Korean language
brilliant very easy to understand and clear and concise lectures.
I love this course. I got some experiences for korean languages.
Me gusto much y aprendi mucho mas sobre este increible idioma !!
Easy and clear to follow up. Very useful dialogs for daily life!
Loved learning Korean! The course was incredibly easy to follow!
I really like  content sequencing. It make sense to learn a lot.
Muy bueno, muy dinámico por lo que involucra mucho al estudiante
Very useful course for me to learn Korean as a beginner. Thanks.
This course made me continued study by myself easier. Thank you.
Please, upload the next level of the course. It helped me a lot.
Muy útil, bastante bueno para comenzar a avanzar con el idioma.
thanks for teaching I really enjoyed learning another language.
Simplistically explained and well organised course and quizzes.
Very exciting and useful course full of interesting information
Thank you for making me more understand about the basic Korean.
muy bueno y explica muy bien todo. recomendado y muchas gracias
Very helpful for foreigners and to serve as a refresher course!
I think it´s a great course, it is really complete and helpful!
The class was very easy to learn from and very well broken down
FOR THE PEOPLE WHO LEARN KOREAN AT THE BEGIN IS REALLY HELPFUL
Thank you so much! I learned a lot and I enjoyed every lesson.
It was a good way to review my korean alone.. detailed course.
great lecturer and the learning materials are easy to learn:)
Amazing course looking forward for the next course. Thankyou!
Basic course with good explanation that is easy to understand
very good I love this  course. I,m 9 years old from thailand.
I really thankful I complated this course, Thank you Coursera
Great course. This has really helped me with my Korean study!
I would love to study more, if you have part 2 I will do it.
Mir hat der Kurs sehr gut gefallen. Er war gut verständlich.
Excelente curso, aprendí muchísimo, lo recomiendo totalmente
ITS ONE OF THE BEST COURSE TO BE ADVANCED IN KOREAN LANGUAGE
A great class to take when you want to learn a new language!
Very good basic course. The printouts are a tremendous help.
Gracias por esta gran oportunidad que nos han brindado!!!!!
Love the detailed explanation. It's suitable for beginners.
Me encantó me ayudo un montón. Es fácil y simple de seguir.
A very easy to navigate design which makes it fun to learn!
This course is very interesting, help me a lot! Thank you !
I enjoyed learning....It helped me improve my Korean a lot.
very simplified and easy to learn for beginners. thank you.
Perfect.. learning new words and expressions is also great!
Enjoyed learning, look forward to learning more! Thank you!
Learned a lot from this course! Thanks so much, Professor!
The lesson is easy to learn and simple so i can learn fast
So convenient. I learned a lot in this course. 감사합니다 선생님😊
This is so good. I learned many new things in this course.
I really like this course, you can practice a lot with it
it's a great course for to learn coreal a one nivel basic
Notes were helpful and workbook questions were relatable.
Thank you for the courseware, i hope there could be more!
Very clear and informational Videos threw out the course.
That’s a great course. Easy understand for self learning.
I really learned a lot thanks to this course! Thank you !
情景剧由各国留学生录制，很有趣！语法点螺旋式上升，学得很扎实。词汇讲解完后会先给图片猜再复习，增加了记单词的效率。
Was a helpful course with great resources to review from.
Excellent course! Can't wait for Learn to Speak Korean 2!
muy bueno, muy bien explicado y las preguntas muy claras
I'm thankful with Yonsei University. I've learned a lot!
Well organized and helpful worksheets with every lesson.
Great course.  Simple to follow and great instructions.
Learned Korean listening, speaking, reading and writing
Thank you for helping me to improve my Korean language.
Me gustó mucho. Se logra aprender lo básico del idioma.
Un excelente curso, aprendí muchas cosas que desconocía
Realmente util para poder tener una conversacion basica
Thanks a lot, learn so many things through this course!
Docente increible y practica, organizado y entendible.
I learned a lot korean on this course and enjoyed it .
This course is very helpful for me. I'll study more :)
It was fun learning Korean. Thank you for this course!
This course was amazing. Just waiting for level 2 now!
Really nice course please make completer course also.
많이 한국어를 공부했어요.재미있어요. 고맙습니다 상미한 선생님. Saludos de México
It was so interesting for me learning Korean language
Best Korean learning I've had the pleasure of experie
Great course!  Please create Learn to Speak Korean 2!
Explanations are clear and the lessons were helpful !
It's an very good opportunity to learn more Courses.
Good Basis for starting how to learn Korean language
Me ha gustado muchissimo. Espero el siguiente curso.
I like too much!!! This is pretty good I learn a lot
This course was very informative and easy to follow!
Very good course. Looking forward to more sessions.
This course is really a great one. Very eye opening
Muy bueno, muy bien hilado y con mucho vocabulario.
great courses hope to  watch learn to speak korean2
i love the way they presented the learning material
A very good class! I enjoyed every lesson and quiz.
me ayudo mucho, lo recomiendo de verdad se aprende.
THIS COURSE IS WORTH IT. ITS REALLY A GOOD COURSE.
Very easy to follow and interesting/useful topics.
this course help me a lot of with my korean skills
Very useful for foreigner to learn Korean language
A suitable level with lots of examples. Well done!
Me ayudó a mejorar la lectura y a armar oraciones
Es un buen curso para comenzar a aprender coreano
I want "Learn to Speak Korean 2"Thank you so much
more reading exercises would be nice. More power!
one of the best courses for self-learnt students!
I hope we soon have the Learn to Speak Korean 2.
I really like this course. I want to learn more.
It was very helpful course. Thank you very much!
Help me so much as it goes to daily conversation
It was a very fun and easy to understand course.
Thank you! Hope there's Learn to Speak Korean 2.
The best coure i have enrolled in . Thank you ❤❤
This course is really helping me to learn korean
genial, muy detallado y se aprende muy rápido =)
Great course, everything very clearly explained.
I am very excited in  learning of this language
Easy and fun learning! Would want more courses!
It's great! very systematic and easy to follow.
It was a great for study basic Korean language.
it's simple and very informative .... i love it
이 수업이 아주 좋아요. 그리고 선생님은 아주 예뻐요. 저는 이 수업을 좋아했어요는.
I've learned many useful expressions in hangul
What a wonderful course for beginners like me!
It is an excellent course. You should try it!!
Good for learning basic korean in this course.
i learn a lot thank you so much it was helpful
Great foundation! I recommend this course 100%
It's a very good way to start to learn Korean.
very good and nice course. easy to understand.
Excelente curso, de los mejores que he tomado
It was so good!! I learned a lot of things!!!
mi maestra era muy buena ya que aprendi mucho
The planning of the modules were really great
Excellent introduction to the Korean language
Great Course! It was fun and I learned a lot.
Very helpful for me to brush up on my Korean.
my love to korean language is getting bigger!
Easy to understand. Excellent for beginners.
I love this couse, Thank you for teaching me
Really nice course! Hope to see the level 2!
Their teaching method was really successful.
많이 배웠습니다. 그 선생님은 정말 좋은 가르쳤습니다. 한국어를 정말 좋겠습니다
i learned a lot from this course. thank you!
Worthwhile if you want to advance at Korean.
El curso es bastante interactivo, muy claro
Very helpful and easy to follow. Thank you!
I enjoyed the lessons. Thank you very much.
A very helpful class to teach basic Korean!
This course improve my korean skill so much
Excellent course. I enjoyed so much!
고맙습니다!
Great lectures and i learn a lot thank you.
This course really improve my korean skill
THE WAY TEACHER EXPLAINS THINGS IS AWESOME
Very nice and useful course for beginners.
Very helpful in learning Korean language.
That course is very good, i learned much.
great course, I learned a lot, thank you!
I want to study korean language in korea.
muy bueno para seguir aprendiendo coreano
Прекрасный курс! Очень жду вторую часть!
Es un curso muy útil y fácil de entender
Muito bom! Espero que tenha continuação.
Excelente curso para aprender el idioma.
Спосибо за урока. Мне очень понравилось
Very helpful to enrich your vocabulary.
You make learning korean easy. Good job
Great course, I'd totally recommend it!
es muy buena me enseña mas de lo normal
so amazing, helped me develop my Korean
Thank you so much, I've learned a lot.
수업이 진짜 멋져요! 아마 좀 지루한아요. 재미만 사람 있고 싶어요!
Designed with all requirement in mind.
Its very helpful💜 Thank you so much.
me encanta me ha brindado mucha ayuda
Was great to build basic foundation!!
이 수업이 정말 멋져요. 지금 저는 한국어를 배웠어요. 감사합니다.
教得很詳細，而且提供教材。課後的作業不會太難。但可以讓學生好好地複習一遍!
Muy bueno, los tutoriales excelentes
Thank you so much!!! It was great!!!
useful.fun.helpful!highly recommend!
Excellent course for basic learning!
thank you for lesson i leaened more
This course is awesome! I loved it!
very informative and easy to follow
I really liked this course, thanks!
Excelente curso, 100% recomendable.
great course, really understandable
Excelente!!, muy buena metodología.
Friendly and well designed. thanks
Excelente curso mis felicitaciones
It is very amazing,perfect course.
I learned a lot. Very good lesson.
I love this one, for the beginner.
I learned a lot during this course
Excelente el curso. Muy práctico!!
nice, would like to join in part 2
I hope I see Speak Korean 2 and 3.
Thank You!The teacher is great!:)
great for beginners!! thank you!!
Thanks so much for this course)))
very easy and helpful. thank you.
Good start for beginners like me!
it's good and easy to understand.
I REALLY LIKE THIS COURSE SO MUCH
It is very helpful for beginners.
It's a good tool to learn Korean.
Practical and easy to understand.
Absolutely brilliant! I loved it.
Enough of level for me to learn!
강의를 마쳤으므로 더 나은 기능에 대한 자격이 높아집니다.
Es un buen curso y muy didáctico
Very good course. Thank you 선셍님.
This course is the best 정말 감사합니다
Excelente curso, muchas gracias!
Best Korean Course for beginner!
Highly recommended for beginners
Muy didáctico fácil de aprender
Excelente curso, muy recomendab
I learned so much!! Thank you!!
easy to understand step by step
easy to understand, very useful
It's fun. I have learned a lot.
I LOVE this course! Thank you!!
Muy útil, fácil, y compresible
Me encantó! Aprendí muchísimo!
muito bom o curso e a didática
สอนดี เข้าใจง่าย ใช้งานได้จริง
Very helpful.Clear explanation
really helps me to learn fast!
The teacher is nice. Thank you
Completo y muy bien explicado
Very nice course🙂  thank you
so fun and useful, thank you!
Detailed teaching! I loved it
Thank your for free course ^^
Excellent course!! Thank you.
Thank you for this course. :)
me encantó. recomendable 100%
Me encantó. Muchas gracias-.
i enjoyed this course  감사합니다
Nice pace and great guidance
Very clear and easy to learn
Excelente curso!! Me encanto
Vrey good course! Thank you!
Really helpful for begginers
I AM WAITING FOR SECOND PART
Thank you miss Sang so much!
Thank you, dear teacher. :-)
It was excellent! Thank you
It's incredible and amazing
Muy completo y estructurado
Concise and easy to follow.
Nice im so happy 💪💪💪💪💪
Very good course. Thank you
Amazing teacher. Thank you.
Excellent course, as usual.
老師講解得非常詳細，口說練習也非常多，很適合新手學習
make me a lot of knowledge
Super ! très intéressant !
Good teacher, good lecture
Great way to speak Korean!
Thanks to everyone of you!
the best korean course <3
Great lesson and teacher!
very nice and enjoyable,
the teacher is excellent
Muy funcional y practico
Aprendi muito, recomendo
Good and easy to follow.
Very very interesting !!
감사합니다.  강의를 더 좀 만들어 주세요.
Great stuff! Loved it...
easy way to learn korean
Es muy fácil y práctico
淺顯易懂，適合稍微會看子母音但不會講韓文的人～
very helpful. thank you
Thanks you ! I enjoy it
I liked this course )))
课程简单易懂，很适合学习了音标以后的学员学习。
It is very beneficial!
It's worth and useful.
easy to learn thankyou
easy and very precise.
Muy Bueno. Excelente!!
Very useful 👍 course
very heplfull thanks.
very helpful and fun.
선생님은 정말 잘 설명 해주 십니다.
Nice courseVery nice
Useful for beginner.
Thank you so much!!!
한국어 기초과정을 배우는데 유용해요!
realmente muito bom
excelente servicio.
Fue muy entretenido
老师超级好！讲授内容丰富！难易度适中~
Thank you!!! 5/5!!!
just wonderful!!!!!
improving learning
They are the best.
친절히 해 주셔서 감사합니다!!!
simply fantastic¡¡
So good. I like it
Amazing Class ^_^
really well built
MUQIMOV HAMIDULLO
Very Insightful.
thankyou so much
สอนเข้าใจมากๆค่ะ
建議已經會念韓文發音的同學來修！
this is so great
非常好的一门课程，实用性非常强。
fun!!!!!!!!!!11
спасибо большое
it's wonderful.
Amazing class.
Сертификат нет
good for begin
Good structure
不會太難，內容也都很實用!
정말 감사합니다 🖤🖤
너무 좋아요감사합니다 ~
너무 좋아해요 감사합니다
¡¡Excelente!!
很完整的一套系統來學習韓語
очень хорошо
대단히 감사합니다!!!
안녕하세요.감사합니다.
Es lo mejor
Me encantoo
希望有接下来的进阶课程
very coool
Me encanta
Perfeito!!
너무 감사합니다!
講解清晰，學習容易
재미있었어요 :)
:D :D :D
아주 좋아해요
mt boom
감사합니다!
고맙습니다.
정말좋아요.
고마워요!!
